

















Create PDF
Edit PDF
Export PDF
App Store
Support























 Create PDF
 Edit PDF
 Export PDF

 App Store

 Support
 Contact us
















...





PDF Printer

Air Printer

PDF Scanner

Photo to PDF







Flyingbee Reader

PDF Merger

PDF Splitter

PDF Compressor

PDF Password Remover

PDF Encryptor







PDF Converter

PDF to Word

PDF to Powerpoint
PDF to Excel
PDF to Text
PDF to JPEG



 




Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Flyingbee Software Ltd. ("Flyingbee"), it governs how Flyingbee Software Ltd. collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users ("Users").
The effective date of the policy is the date when you create an account at the Site or when your pair your device to use the service provided by Flyingbee, whichever is earlier.


Personal Information

Personal Information is information about you that is personally identifiable, such as your name, username, password, address, email address, phone number, which is not otherwise publicly available ("Personal Information"). We collect Personal Information to provide better services to Users.
The specific purposes of the Personal Information Protection Act are as following: 067 Credit card, cash card, debit card or electronic value-stored card;081 Legal transaction business for personal data; 090 Consumer, Customer Management and Service; 091 Consumer Protection; 098 Business and Technical Information; 135 Information (Communication) Services; 136 Information (Communication) and database Management; 152 Advertisement or commercial behavior administration; 157 Investigation, statistics and research analysis; 181 Other business operation in accordance with the business registration project or organization Prospectus.
Users may be asked for Personal Information, including without limitation, when Users visit our Site, register on the Site, and in connection with other activities, services, features, or resources made available on our Site. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect Personal Information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. In the event that Users refuse to provide Personal Information, please note that it may prevent Users from engaging in certain Site-related activities.
We collect various types of Personal Information for the following services:

Member registration: name and email address.
Newsletter and/or Blog subscription: name and email address.
Purchasing or trial use of Flyingbee's products or services: name, email and credit card details.
DottedSign e-sign service: Name, email, phone number, IP address, unique device identifiers and device attributes when you create, view, or sign a signing task; Name, email, and phone number about others when you ask others to sign documents electronically, or share information of the signing tasks.
Flyingbee member and cloud services: Name, email, phone number, IP address, unique device identifiers, and device attributes.
Other services or marketing events: name, email, phone number, country origin, and other related information.
Other Flyingbee products or services that do not require user sign up: name, email, IP address, or unique device identifiers and device attributes.




Non-Personal Information
We may collect non-personally identifiable information about Users in the course of the interaction with our Site. Non-personally identifiable information is information that is not personally identifiable about the Users, including without limitation the type of computer and technical information about User's means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the internet service providers utilized and other similar information.


Web Browser Cookies
Certain information may also be collected, such as your Internet protocol address, device event information including but not limited to browser type, crashes, system activity and other server log information. Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may disable cookies on their web browser, or set the browser to alert you when cookies are being sent. In the event that the web browser is set to refuse cookies, please note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.


How We Process and Use Collected Information

                            Flyingbee Software Ltd. may process and use User's Personal Information by mail, phone call and other reasonable legal means for the following purposes ("Purposes") within the territories and during the period necessary to carry out the Purposes:
                            

To serve as a data processor on behalf of our users
                                    We collect, process, and store certain personal information on behalf of Users as a data processor. The Users is the data controller and is responsible for most aspects of the processing of the personal information.
                                

To communicate with users
                                    In the event that Users send to us any comments or Inquiries on the Site, we will reply to such Users via the contact information provided by Users.
                                

To personalize user experience
                                    We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
                                

To provide reliable services
                                    We may record details about electronic documents and electronic signature workflows, such as who viewed or signed, the devices used and when the events occur.
                                

To send newsletters and marketing materials upon subscription
                                    If User subscribes our newsletter on the Site, we will send emails to the subscribers for information related to our Company, such as occasional company news, upcoming events, updates, and related product or service information. Detailed instructions to unsubscribe the newsletter are provided at the bottom of such emails. User may unsubscribe from such newsletters at any time. Upon receiving User's request to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we will immediately remove User's email address from our mailing list and stop sending future emails to such User.
                                

To administer any features on the site
                                    If Users enter into a sweepstake, contest, survey, promotion, or activities on the Site, we may use the information provided by Users to administer such features.
                                




How We Protect Your Information

We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and information security measures to guard against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your Personal Information, transaction information and data processed and stored on our Site.
Our Site is in compliance with PCI vulnerability standards in order to create as secure of an environment as possible for Users.



How do the 3rd party credit card processors protect customer's information?

Flyingbee software uses secure server hosted by Bluehost and other 3rd party credit card processors that encrypt all the customer's personal information before it is sent to us, including name, address, credit card number, credit card expiration date, etc. Encryption works to prevent any malicious use of your personal information. Your credit card information is only used for online transition. Your credit card information may be required and transmitted securely through other 3rd party credit card processors in order to complete a purchase of our software, but at no time will your credit card information be made available to Flyingbee software.



Information Sharing and Disclosure


We'll share personal information outside of us when we have your consent.
We may use third-party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes, based on our instructions, and in compliance with this policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
We may share generic aggregated demographic information with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the foregoing purposes.
We may share non-personal information that is aggregated or de-identified so that it cannot reasonably be used to identify an individual.
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we will continue to take measures to protect the confidentiality of personal information and give affected users notice before transferring any personal information to a new entity.
We may disclose or otherwise sell, trade, or rent generic aggregated demographic information that non-personal information that is aggregated or de-identified and may include, but is not limited to App package name, install date and time, uninstall date and time and locale(Country) to any third party.




Advertising
Advertisements may appear on our products and services that are delivered to Users by third-party advertisers, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the advertiser's server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement and to compile non-personal information about you or whoever use your computer. This information allows advertisers to, among other purposes, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy does not cover the use of cookies or any practices by such advertisers. You have a number of options to control or limit how we and third-parties use cookies and similar technologies, including for advertising. You may remove these targeted and advertising cookies from your browser at any time.


Third-Party Sites

Hyperlinks or service content provided by third parties on Flyingbee's website or via its services are not managed or operated by Flyingbee. Users are advised to gain a clear understanding of said websites or service providers, relevant user terms and conditions, and privacy policies before they view, access, or use these websites or services which do not lie within the application scope of this Policy. Flyingbee does not collect personal information of users for third-party websites or services and bears no legal responsibility for relevant contents.
Flyingbee's products and services may include the service from the third party, such third party include but not limited to the following:

                            1. Please note the Flyingbee may use YouTube API Services to deliver and improve features provided by our services (including but not limited to enable you to upload the video to YouTube). As such, you agree to be bound by (i) Google policy (                             https://www.google.com/policies/privacy
                            ), (ii) YouTube API Services Terms of Service (                             https://developers.google.com/youtube/terms/api-services-terms-of-service
                            ), and (iii) YouTube Terms of Service (                             https://www.youtube.com/t/terms
                            ). You may manage your YouTube API data by click the link below:
                            https://security.google.com/settings/security/permissions
                            .
                            

                            2. Google Privacy Policy                             https://policies.google.com/privacy


                            3. Facebook Data Policy                             https://www.facebook.com/policy.php


                            4. Twitter Privacy Policy                             https://twitter.com/en/privacy


                            5. LinkedIn Privacy Policy                             https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy


                            6. Apple Privacy Policy                             https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/


                            7. Microsoft Privacy                             https://privacy.microsoft.com/


                            8. Tencent QQ Privacy Policy                             https://privacy.qq.com/




Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We regularly review our Privacy Policy and our compliance therewith. Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will update our Privacy Policy on this page of our Site if there may be any changes and a notice will be posted along with the update in case of any material change. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy periodically.


Your Consent to the Privacy Policy
By using this website, you agree to our latest privacy policy. If you do not agree with the privacy policy or refuse to provide your personal data, you may discontinue using the services provided by the website, otherwise, Flyingbee will not be able to provide you with a fully functional service. In addition, if we believe that our privacy policy has not been complied with or our personal data have not been provided in full, Flyingbee reserves the right to terminate or suspend the provision of your services.


Online Privacy Policy Only
This online Privacy Policy applies only to information collected through the Site, all online products and services, and not to information collected offline.


Commitment to Your Privacy
To ensure the security of your information and the enforcement of the Privacy Policy, we communicate our policies and regulations and administer supervision to our employees.


Your Rights


                            With respect to your Personal Information provided to us, you may make the following request through contacting Flyingbee's Customer Service at                             https://www.flyingbee.com/contact
                            at any time:
                            
a. Make inquiry or request to review your Personal Information
b. Access and export data
c. Edit and delete data

You can change and delete your personal information. For instance, you can edit or delete the profile data you provide and delete your account if you wish.
In some cases, we retain data for limited periods when it needs to be kept for legitimate business or legal purposes.

d. Objecting to data use

You have a general right to object to the use of your information for direct marketing purposes.

e. Request to make duplications of your Personal Information.
f. Request to make supplement or correction of your Personal Information.
g. Request to suspend the collection, processing or using of your Personal Information.



Data Retention
We keep your account information because we need it to operate your account. We keep information about you and your use for as long as necessary for our legitimate business interests, for legal reasons, and to prevent harm.


Data Transfers
Your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain legal frameworks relating to the transfer of data, such as the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Frameworks.


European Requirements

If European Union data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the controls described in this policy so you can exercise your right to request access to, update, remove, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
We process your information for the purposes described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:


With your consent
We ask for your agreement to process your information for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.


Providing a service
We process your data to provide a service you've asked for under a contract.


Complying with legal obligations
We'll process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.


Pursuing legitimate interests
We process your information for our legitimate interests and those of third-parties while applying appropriate safeguards that protect your privacy.





Software Registration



For products purchased through our online store, upon completion of the registration of our software, our servers are notified of the registration code which was entered.
In the event that we determine a particular registration code has been used in excess of the number of times that it is licensed, we may remotely deactivate the license code, thereby preventing it from being used to activate the software on additional computers.


For products that are purchased in the Mac or iTunes App Stores (such as Air Printer and PDF to Word) are activated immediately upon installation.





Your Consent

By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.



Contacting Us

                            If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the data processing, or the operation of this Site, please contact us at:
                            

Flyingbee Software Ltd.


https://www.flyingbee.com/contact-us





This Privacy Policy was last updated on September 11th, 2023.










SUBSCRIBE











Flyingbee Software






About Company
Release Notes
Contact Us
Site Map
Legal








Creative Products






All Products
Create PDF
Edit PDF
Export PDF
Support Center








Online Store






Flyingbee Store
Popular Apps
Windows Apps
Mac Apps
iOS Apps






Social Connections































                iPod®, iPhone®, iTunes® and Mac® are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries.Our software is not developed by or affiliated with Apple Inc.
            








                © 2014-2023 Flyingbee Software, All Right Reserved.
            

Term of service|Privacy policy|License Agreement


United States             
































