














Privacy Policy


General
I Heart Travel places great importance on protecting your privacy. The basic premise is that we will use some information you provide to create an engaging experience, and we may have ads that use non-personal information, but we won’t sell you down the river. This Privacy Policy is designed to explain the manner in which I Heart Travel collects, uses, and discloses the personal information provided by you as a result of your use of (a) the I Heart Travel Web Site and (b) the content, information and services provided through the Web Site by I Heart Travel.
Users’ Consent
BY ACCESSING THIS WEB SITE AND/OR ANY OTHER SITE PROVIDED BY {SITE} (COLLECTIVELY, THE “SITE”), YOU ARE SIGNIFYING, EXPRESSING AND PROVIDING YOUR CONSENT TO THE INFORMATION COLLECTION, INFORMATION USAGE, AND OTHER PROCEDURES DESCRIBED IN THE PRIVACY POLICY BELOW. I Heart Travel reserves the right to change this policy at any time, without notice, by posting a new privacy policy at this location. The collection, use and disclosure of your personal information by I Heart Travel will be governed by the version of this Policy in effect at that time. Please check this page periodically for any changes. Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy.
Types and Uses of Personal Information
In order to use some features on our site, you must either use third party account information, such as Facebook connect, or create an account with a username and password; we use these to provide you with access to your profile and comments. Our registration system may also require that you provide a valid email address; and we use that to confirm your account. We’ll retain your information while you use our services. You can ask for your personal information to be deleted at any time by emailing us at fotospotapp@gmail.com. There may be a period of latency removing your information from our servers and we may retain your information in order to comply with the law or to protect our rights.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Aggregate Information (non-personally identifiable): We may share aggregated demographic information about our reader base with our third-party advertising partners, including browser information and traffic statistics. We do not link this data to individual readers’ accounts or personally identifiable information. Personally identifiable information: We do not share personally identifiable information with third parties, with one limited exception: we may disclose personally identifiable information about you if we have a good faith belief that doing so is required by law, such as pursuant to a subpoena or other judicial or administrative order.
Internet Protocol Addresses
We collect the IP addresses of all visitors to our Site. We use your IP address in order to administer the Site, help diagnose problems with our server, to gather broad demographic information, and for the “User Tracking” described above.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies on this site. The information we store in cookies is, in some cases, linked to readers’ accounts. We use both short-term cookies and persistent cookies. A short-term cookie expires within a limited period of time. We use session cookies so that readers with accounts can navigate and contribute to our site without logging in multiple times over a short period of time. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. We use persistent cookies to recognize account holders and present the site accordingly. You can remove cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser’s “help” file. If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some areas of our site, such as comments, will require logging in for each action you want to take. This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by the Site only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Third-party Advertisers
We may be placing ads on this site, and those may be delivered to readers by various ad networks. As such, those networks may place or recognize unique cookies on your browser and use information about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services. The information collected does not include personally identifiable information like your name, address, email address or telephone number. It does include IP addresses, though these are not tied to individual readers’ accounts.
Links to Other Sites
This Site may contain links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by I Heart Travel. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. This privacy statement applies only to information collected by this Site.
Changes in This Privacy Statement
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
Other
The applicable law and exclusive jurisdiction for settling any disputes in connection with the use of the Site shall be the laws and jurisdiction of the state of California according to the provisions of the then policy in effect. In order to assist in protecting the confidentiality of your personal information, I Heart Travel applies security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information. However, in light of the nature of Internet technologies, security and privacy risks cannot be eliminated and, therefore, I Heart Travel cannot guarantee that your personal information will not be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Policy.
Last Updated: July 12, 2022













 

   Home
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
 © 2023 I Heart Travel Inc – Made in Los Angeles, CA























