


Skip to content





Our Privacy Policy
Updates
This privacy policy was last updated on October 1st, 2020.
The Company (“We”, “Us” and/or “Our”) reserves the right to change this privacy policy at any time.  The User (“You” and/or “Your”) will be notified of changes by a change in the update date on this site.
General Terms and Acceptance
Your privacy is important to us.  This policy will give examples of the ways that this website and/or our mobile based apps collect and use your personal information.
Your use and/or continued use of our services, including but not limited to, the websites, apps or social media accounts of the company, will be deemed as agreement to this policy.  At any point you do not agree to the terms of this policy, then please discontinue the use of such services.
Types of Information Collected
Information such as your name, e-mail address and/or other information you may share with us through services such as the “Contact Us” form on this website or through our social media platforms may be retained by us.
We may collect information in relation to the form of media you choose to interact with our company.  This may be an IP address, a location provided by the media, the type of media, etc.
Third party business partners may also collect your personal information through our website, apps or social media accounts.
Potential Uses of Information Collected
This section is intended to describe the most common ways that we may use your information.  No list is exhaustive.  If you have specific a specific concern about the manner in which your personal information will be used, please contact the company.
We may use your information in order to provide service to you.  
We may also use your information in marketing studies in order to be better able to serve our customers and/or provide new or enhanced services.
We may use your information to contact you about other services offered by the company.
We may also use your information to contact you in an attempt to resolve issues that you have caused to come to our attention.
We may use information about the media you use to better serve you.  We may also use it collectively with other users information to better serve our customers as a community.
We may share your personal information when required to do so by an applicable law, law enforcement agency or regulatory body.
Our third party business partners may use your information.  They may use it to provide you advertisements more targeted to your demographics.  They may use it to process payments for purchases that you may wish to make. They may also use it to track and aggregate demographical information along with other analytics.  They may share this information with us.
Squirt the Whale App
The Squirt the Whale App does not ask you for personal information.  Information regarding your media device may be used for proper performance of the app.  
Third parties may use information as previously described.
Social Media Accounts
The company’s social media accounts are public.  Any information that you post to these accounts will be in the public domain.  Please do not post information if you do not want this information to be publically available.
Deletion of Personal Information
If you send a written request to the company via the Contact Us form on this website, we will make every reasonable attempt to delete the personal information that you have provided from our records.
Reasons we may not be able to or will not delete personal information from our records may include, but is not limited to:
Requirements by law, law enforcement agencies or regulatory bodies.
An ongoing legal dispute or other such requirement where records are required to be maintained.
In cases where your personal information has been aggregated and can no longer be identified.
In cases where your personal information has been collected or received by a third party.
In cases when you have been compensated in some manner whether through monies or other forms such as in-app commodities for providing the information.
In cases where you have provided previous consent to use the information for ongoing business purposes.

If you have any questions or concerns about this policy, please contact us through the Contact Us from on this website.













