





5000



















0
















Privacy Policy



Last updated: January 8, 2023



IntroductionMetropolis Technologies, Inc. ("Metropolis") provides a technology platform to facilitate innovative parking and transportation services. This Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") is designed to help you understand how we collect, use and share your personal information in connection with the use of all websites, applications, and other online products and services provided by us that link to this Privacy Policy, including www.metropolis.io and all related subdomains (collectively, the "Site") and online and offline services related thereto, including physical locations where we collect your information, and including any services, transactions, or engagement you might have with us (collectively, the "Services").The Services allow consumers ("Consumers") to make use of our and our customers' and business partners' (collectively, "Customers") mobility, parking, and hospitality services, such as garages, parking lots, valet operations, hospitality lounges, car cleaning or repair services, refueling and/or vehicle charging services, ride-share platforms, carpool programs, restrooms, vending machines, convenience stores, rentals for bikes, scooters and/or other vehicles. This Privacy Policy also applies to individuals who use the Services on behalf of a Customer ("Customer Users") (collectively, with Consumers and visitors to the Services, "Users").Please carefully read this Privacy Policy, which is part of our Terms of Use, before using our Services. If you do not agree with the Terms of Use and/or this Privacy Policy, you must refrain from using our Services. By accessing or using our Services, you agree to our use of your information consistent with the Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy. If you are a Customer User accessing our administrative portals or similar offerings ("Portals") pursuant to an agreement between you and Metropolis (such as Terms for Enterprise Customers), then your use of the Portals and Services is also governed by such agreement(s).














I. Information We CollectInformation you provide to usWe collect information you choose to share with us, including information you enter through the Services. For example, if you are a Consumer or visitor to the Site, we may collect information in relation to:Account Creation. When you create an account to use the Services, we may collect certain contact information (such as your name, phone number, email address), other registration information (such as license plate number and state, details about your vehicle, including color, make, model and year, and activation code (if using an employer-provided benefits account)), and payment information.Interactions with the Services. When you interact with the Services to add profile, payment, or subscription information, we may collect additional account-related information and when you use our or our Customers' parking or related hospitality services, we may collect information to identify and verify your vehicle and the extent and scope of your use of the Services. To provide our Services, we may use automated license plate reader ("ALPR") and imilar systems to collect video or pictures of your vehicle and license plate (see "ALPR Information" below).Payment Information. We use third-party payment processors to process payments made to us. In connection with the processing of such payments, we retain limited information such as the last 4-digits of your card and your zip code. All such information is provided directly to our third-party processors, whose use of your information is governed by their privacy policies.Your Communications with Us. We collect information from you (such as name, email address, phone number, or mailing address along with any information you provide in connection with your outreach) when you request information about our Services, register for our newsletter or loyalty programs, request customer or technical support, or otherwise communicate with us.Surveys, Promotions, and Sweepstakes. If you decide to participate in any surveys, promotions, or sweepstakes, you may provide certain information, such as basic contact information and other information relevant to the survey, promotion, or sweepstakes.Conferences and Trade Shows. We may attend conferences and trade shows where we collect information from individuals who interact with or express an interest in Metropolis and/or the Services.If you are a Customer User, work for a potential customer or business partner, or visit the Site, we may collect information in relation to:Account Creation. When you create an account to use or access the Services, we may collect certain contact information (such as your name, phone number, email address, and business address), business information (such as your job position, function, and title, and the size, location, and needs of your company), and registration information.Interactions with and Performance of the Services. We collect information when you interact with the Services (such as to manage and operationalize the use of our offerings in connection with your business or real estate), to remit and charge amounts owed (such as financial information, including bank account and ACH information), and when you enter information through the Services. We may also collect information from you when you assist in the performance of the Services, such as performing valet services.Your Communications with Us. We collect information from you (such as name, email address, or phone number, along with any information you provide in connection with your outreach) when you request information about our Services, register for our newsletter or loyalty programs, request customer or technical support, or otherwise communicate with us.Surveys, Promotions, and Sweepstakes. If you decide to participate in any surveys, promotions, or sweepstakes, you may provide certain information, such as basic contact information and other information relevant to the survey, promotion, or sweepstakes.

 













Information Collected Automatically or From OthersAutomatic Data CollectionWhen you interact with our Services, we (and third parties) may collect technical information about your browser, your device, and how you use the Services by automated means, including through cookies, pixels/web beacons, local storage, JavaScript, Software Development Kits (SDKs), Application Programming Interfaces (APIs), and other similar technologies. We may also collect this kind of information when you interact with email messages or other communications we send you. Some of these technologies (such as cookies) involve storing unique identifiers or other information on your browser or device for later use. As we and our service providers adopt other technologies, we may also gather information using other methods.Information about your browser or deviceWe may automatically collect certain information about your browser or device when you use our Services, such as:your user, system, or device settings (for example, time zone, language, and permissions status);cookie identifiers;mobile advertising identifier (MAID);other device or online identifiers (such as proprietary IDs, hashed IDs, or other pseudonymous IDs used by us or our partners or Service Providers); andbrowser or device information (for example, the name and version of your device and the operating system it is running, telemetry, and screen resolution)Information about how you use our ServicesWe collect information regarding your use of our Services, such as:your activities and transactions in the course of use of our Services;information about the links you click, the types of content you interact with, and the frequency and duration of your activities;information about your online activity directly preceding or following your use of the Services, such as whether you were "referred" to our websites through another app, website, or shared link; andother information about how you use our ServicesInformation about your internet connectionWhen you interact with our Services from an internet-connected device (for example, when you use our mobile or desktop app or web platform), we collect information about your internet connection including MAC address, internet protocol (IP) address, internet service provider, and mobile carrier.Location InformationWe may collect precise location information, such as the location where you park or use our Services, the duration of your stay, the date and time at which you were at our location, and the locations you visit during your stay for parking validation related purposes. We may also collect general location information (such as your city and state inferred from your IP address).Information from Other SourcesWe may obtain or collect information about you from other sources, including from affiliates, Customers, payment service providers, analytics service providers, security service providers, and survey providers. For example, we utilize certain analytics tools to improve the Services experience for Users and Customers.We may also collect information from business partners who use and integrate our Services to provide services to their customers and otherwise promote our Services, for instance, if you utilize our Services through a partner's application or service. This information may include name, desired parking location, email, and vehicle license plate number. This information allows us to verify your eligibility to use and otherwise facilitate the use of our Services.We obtain contact and business information from conferences, events, sales partners, data brokers, public records, and service providers who assist in verifying identity and consumer information.

 













II. How We Use Your InformationWe use your information for a variety of business purposes, including to:Fulfill our contract with you and provide you with our Services, such as:Managing, verifying, and authenticating your information, accounts, and interactions with our Customers' and others' parking, mobility, and hospitality services;Providing you with information you request, a customized experience, and access to certain areas, functionalities, and features of our Services and our partners' and Customers' physical locations and services;Communicating with you about your account, activities on our Services and policy changes;Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device;Processing your financial information and other payment methods for products or Services purchased and contacting you about your account, billing, remitting, or charging you or your organization for our Services;Providing advertising, analytics and marketing services; andProviding Services on behalf of our Customers and business partners, such as maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, and verifying customer information; and processing transactions.Analyze, protect, and improve our Services pursuant to our legitimate interest, such as:Measuring interest and engagement in our Services and short-term, transient use, such as contextual customization of ads;Undertaking research for technological development and demonstration;Researching, improving, upgrading, enhancing and developing products, Services, marketing or security procedures to improve their performance, resilience, reliability or efficiency;Securing the Services and investigating and helping prevent fraud, security issues, and abuse, including by detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity;Understanding, detecting, and resolving problems with the Services and other issues being reported;Complying with any procedures, laws, and regulations where necessary for our legitimate interests or legitimate interests of others;Establishing, exercising, or defending our legal rights where necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others, including the enforcement of our Terms of Use, other usage policies and agreements, and other legal terms or controls, or engaging in other legal matters;Auditing relating to interactions, transactions and other compliance activities; andComplying with our legal obligations, protecting your vital interest, or as may be required for the public good.Provide you with additional content and Services, such as:Furnishing you with customized materials about offers, products promotions, and Services that may be of interest to you (in accordance with any privacy preferences you have expressed to us) via email, text messaging, and/or push notifications and display media;Inviting you to participate in promotions, sweepstakes, surveys and provide feedback to us, and further uses in relation to those offerings and communications; andFulfilling other requests and purposes you consent to, are notified of, or are disclosed to you when you provide the information.Combined InformationFor the purposes discussed in this Privacy Policy, we may combine the information that we collect through the Services with information that we receive from other sources, both online and offline, and use such combined information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Your browsing activity may be tracked across different websites and different devices or apps. For example, we may attempt to match your browsing activity on your mobile device with your browsing activity on your laptop. To do this our technology partners may share data, such as your browsing patterns, geo-location and device identifiers, and will match the information of the browser and devices that appear to be used by the same person.De-identified and Aggregated InformationWe may aggregate and/or de-identify any information collected through the Services so that such information can no longer be linked to you or your device ("Aggregate/De-Identified Information"). We may use Aggregate/De-Identified Information for any purpose, including without limitation for research and marketing purposes, and may also share such data with any third parties in our discretion.Share Content with Friends or ColleaguesOur Services may offer various tools and functionalities. For example, we may allow you to provide information about your friends or colleagues through our referral services. Our referral services may allow you to forward or share certain content with a friend or colleague, such as an email inviting your friend to use our Services.Process Information on Behalf of Our Customers (as processors)Our Customers may choose to use our Services to process certain data of their own, which may contain personal information. In such cases, the data that we process through our Services is processed by us on behalf of our Customer, and our privacy practices will be governed by the contracts that we have in place with our Customers, not this Privacy Policy.If you have any questions or concerns about how such data is handled or would like to exercise your rights, you should contact the person or entity (i.e., the business or data controller) who has contracted with us to use the Services to process this data. Our Customers control the personal information in these cases and determine the security settings within the account, its access controls and credentials. We will, however, provide assistance to our Customers to address any concerns you may have, in accordance with the terms of our contract with them. For a list of our sub-processors, contact us as described below.

 













III. Cookies and Similar TechnologiesTo collect the information in the "Information Collected Automatically or From Others" section above, we and our service providers use web server logs, cookies, tags, SDKs, tracking pixels, localstorage and similar tracking technologies. We use these technologies to improve our Services and in order to offer you a more tailored experience in the future.A web server log is a file where website activity is stored.An SDK is a set of tools and/or code that we embed in our applications and software to allow third parties to collect information about how users interact with the Services.A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your computer or mobile device when you use the Services, that enables us to: (i) recognize your computer; (ii) store your preferences and settings; (iii) understand the web pages of the Services you have visited; (iv), enhance your user experience by delivering and measuring the effectiveness of content and advertising tailored to your interests; (v) perform searches and analytics; and (vi) assist with security and administrative functions. Some cookies are placed in your browser cache while those associated with Flash technologies are stored with your Adobe Flash Player files.Tracking pixels (sometimes referred to as web beacons or clear GIFs) are tiny electronic tags with a unique identifier embedded in websites, online ads and/or email that are designed to: (1) collect usage information like ad impressions or clicks and email open rates; (2) measure popularity of the Services and associated advertising; and (3) access user cookies.LocalStorage is a web storage object for storing data on the client -- that is, locally, on your computer. Data stored locally has no expiration date and will exist until it's been deleted.As we adopt additional technologies, we may also gather information through other methods.Please note that you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated, or to block cookies altogether. Please consult the "Help" section of your browser for more information (e.g., Internet Explorer; Google Chrome; Mozilla Firefox; or Apple Safari). Please note that by blocking, disabling, or managing any or all cookies, you may not have access to certain features or offerings of the Services.














IV. Online Analytics and AdvertisingAnalyticsWe may use third-party analytics services (such as those of Google Analytics) as well as self hosted data collection services on our Services to collect and analyze usage information through cookies and similar technologies; engage in auditing, research, or reporting; assist with fraud prevention; and provide certain features to you. For more information about Google Analytics, please visit Google's Privacy & Terms page. To prevent Google Analytics from using your information for analytics, you may install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on by clicking here.Advertising We may work with a number of companies that assist in marketing our services to you on third party websites, mobile apps, and online services. These third parties may use cookies, web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about your use of certain parts of the Services and your activities across other websites and online services, which they may associate with persistent identifiers. Sometimes, these identifiers may be derived from a hashed or encrypted version of personal information such as your email address. We may use this information to measure the performance of our advertising as well, for instance, to evaluate which ads or content our users prefer, or which are most effective. In addition, sometimes we or an advertising partner may tailor advertising to you across different devices.Their activities and your choices regarding their use of your information to personalize ads to you are subject to and set out in their own policies. We neither have access to, nor does this Privacy Policy govern, the use of cookies or other tracking technologies that may be placed on your computer, mobile phone, or other device by non-affiliated, third-party providers. As described below, these providers may offer you a way to opt-out of the collection of information that is used for our interest-based advertising to you. We cannot guarantee that these instructions will not change, or that they will continue to be available; they are controlled by each third-party service provider, not us. We do not present third-party advertising within the Services.More InformationIf you are interested in more information about interest-based advertising and how you can generally control cookies other tracking technologies from being put on your computer to deliver such advertising, you may visit the Network Advertising Initiative's Consumer Opt-Out link, the Digital Advertising Alliance's (DAA's) Consumer Opt-Out link, or TrustArc's Advertising Choices Page. To opt out of the display of interest-based advertising from Google, please visit the Google Ads Settings page. For more information and to exercise your choices regarding Facebook and/or Instagram ads, please visit the Facebook Ads Settings page and/or the Instagram Ads Settings page.














V. How We Share InformationWe may share your information with the following third parties for the purposes identified below.Service ProvidersWe may provide access to and share your information with select third-party service providers who perform services on our behalf, such as online hosting and maintenance; marketing and promotion design and management; payment processing and collection; identity and information verification; marketing and email delivery and analysis; analytics; customer service; security and fraud prevention; and legal services; and to vendors to support the provision of the Services.Business PartnersWe may provide your information to business partners with whom we jointly offer products or services, including when you utilize our Services through a partner's application or service. Additionally, some of our Services may from time-to-time partner with another brand, retailer or other third party to offer services, products, events and promotions on a co-branded or cross-promotional basis. In such cases, our business partner's name should appear along with ours. Your information may be collected directly by, or shared with the third party, as well as with any participating sponsors or advertisers of such Services. We will seek your consent beforehand where required by applicable law. These third parties will use your information in accordance with their own privacy policies.CustomersIn certain situations, we may disclose your information to our Customers to the extent you engage with their parking, mobility, hospitality, or other services in connection with our Services. For instance, if you are enrolled in an employer-provided parking benefits account, we may provide your information to your employer in order to administer the parking benefits. We may also share personal information with our real-estate partners (e.g., owners or operators of a parking asset) for their legitimate business purposes, including in order to facilitate your access and/or for security purposes. Additionally, if you are a Customer User, we may share your information with the Customer your account is associated with.AffiliatesWe may share personal information with our affiliated companies.Advertising PartnersWe may share the information we collect, including information about your interaction with our Services, with partners in relation to personalizing advertising and integrations related to their services. Our advertising partners may use this information (and similar information collected from other third-party sites or services) for purposes of delivering both basic and personalized advertisements to you when you visit digital properties within their networks, and measuring the effectiveness of advertising, both on and off our Services.Sweepstakes and ContestsWhen you participate in a sweepstakes or contest and win a prize, we may publicly share your personal information (such as your name and state of residence) in connection with publicity purposes.Comply with Laws and Protect Our Rights and the Rights of OthersWe may disclose your information when we, in good faith, believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law, a court order or a subpoena. We may also disclose your information to prevent or investigate a possible crime, such as fraud, identity theft, or trespass to our or our Customer's property; to protect the security of the Services; to enforce or apply our Terms of Use or other agreements; or to protect our own rights or property or the rights, property, or safety of our Users or others.Disclosure in the Event of Merger, Sale, or Other Asset TransfersAs we continue to develop our business, we may buy, merge with, or engage in a corporate or significant business transaction with other companies. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, purchase or sale of assets, or transition of service to another provider (or are contemplating any such transaction or activity), then your information may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction or shared in contemplation of such transaction, as permitted by law and/or contract. If such transfer is subject to notifications or restrictions under applicable law, we will comply with such requirements.With Your Consent or At Your DirectionWe may share information with third parties when you direct us to do so or if you have consented to additional sharing of your information (including as set out in this Privacy Policy).International Data TransfersYou agree that all information processed by us may be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world, including but not limited to, the United States or other countries, which may have data protection laws that are different from the laws where you live. We have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected and require our third-party service providers and partners to have appropriate safeguards as well. Further details can be provided upon request. If you are located in the European Economic Area, Switzerland, or the UK, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if you believe our processing of your personal information violates applicable law.















VI. ALPR InformationIn order to provide a seamless experience, our Services may utilize Automated License Plate Readers (ALPR) and similar systems to capture and process video or still images of your vehicle and license plate. For instance, many of our parking lots offer a drive-in drive-out experience using cameras and machine learning to allow you to enter and exit a facility without delay or hassle. We use the information captured through the ALPR systems to identify your vehicle and account, which allows us to charge the payment information associated with your account or communicate with you about arranging for such payment. We take pride in this technology and also take responsibility for designing and implementing these systems with Consumers in mind. We undertake efforts to limit access to the ALPR systems and information captured by those systems to those employees, agents, and service providers who have a legitimate business purpose in accessing such systems. We regularly monitor and enhance our ALPR systems along with the rest of our Services to protect the underlying information, comply with applicable law, and improve the accuracy of the information collected (including through correcting data errors based on feedback from our Consumers). As further explained in this Privacy Policy, we limit how information collected through our ALPR systems can be processed and shared, focusing our efforts on providing a seamless and optimal experience for you. We store information collected through our ALPR systems for as long as is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, provide our Services, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with applicable law.














VII. Third Party Links and FeaturesPlease be aware that third-party websites accessible or recommended through our Services may have their own privacy and data collection policies and practices. These other websites are not controlled by us. These links and features are provided for your reference and convenience only and do not imply any endorsement of information provided through these third-party links and features, nor any association with their operators. We are not responsible for any actions, content of websites, or privacy policies of such third parties. We urge you to read the privacy and security policies of these third parties.














VIII. Your ChoicesWe provide several ways for you to exercise control over how we use information about you and how we communicate with you, described below.Marketing CommunicationsYou may instruct us not to use your information to contact you by email, postal mail, or phone regarding products, services, updates, promotions and special events that might appeal to your interests by contacting us using the information below. You may use the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of emails we send to you to opt out of receiving future marketing emails. Alternatively, you may email us at privacy@metropolis.io. If you receive an unwanted SMS or text message from us, you may reply STOP to opt out of receiving future messages. Please note that, regardless of your request, we may still use and share certain information as permitted by this Privacy Policy or as required by applicable law. For instance, you will continue to receive transaction-related emails regarding products or Services you have requested. We may also send you certain non-promotional communications regarding us and our Services, and you will not be able to opt out of those communications (e.g., communications regarding the Services or updates to our Terms or this Privacy Policy). We process requests to be placed on do-not-mail, do-not-phone and do-not-contact lists as required by applicable law. Processing your request to unsubscribe from an email list we maintain may take a reasonable amount of time.Mobile DevicesWe may send you push notifications through our mobile application. You may at any time opt out from receiving these types of communications by changing the settings on your mobile device. We may also collect location-based information if you use our mobile applications. You may opt out of this collection by changing the settings on your mobile device."Do Not Track"Do Not Track ("DNT") is a setting that users can enable in certain web browsers. Please note that DNT signals do not have a commonly agreed up meaning and we do not respond to or honor DNT signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers.Tailored AdvertisingThe information we collect in connection with the Services may be used to tailor the advertising you see, both by us and by third parties. You have choices about how information about you is used to tailor the ads you see online.On the web Opting out of interest-based advertisingCertain information we collect through the Services may be used or shared to tailor ads you see on the web. To learn more about this type of advertising or to opt out of participating companies (including certain of our advertising partners), please visit the Digital Advertising Alliance's (DAA) opt-out program at https://www.aboutads.info/ or the Network Advertising Initiative's (NAI) opt-out page at https://optout.networkadvertising.org/. We make no representation about the accuracy or effectiveness of these opt out mechanism. Browser settingsSome tailored advertising is carried out using cookies. You may be able to set your browser to refuse certain types of cookies, or to alert you when they are being used. Some browsers offer similar settings for HTML5 local storage and other technologies. Please consult the "Help" section of your browser for more information. However, if you block or otherwise reject cookies or other similar technologies, certain websites (including our Services) may not function as expected. Because we and third parties may use non-cookie technologies with your browser or device, browser settings that block cookies used in isolation may not affect the functioning of those technologies.On mobile devicesMobile devices often include settings to help you manage how your device collects and shares information for advertising purposes. For more information on how to manage those devices settings, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative's mobile choice page at https://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choice.Using other pseudonymous identifiersSome of our advertising partners rely on hashed email addresses or other pseudonymous or proprietary identifiers to tailor advertising. We may use other partners for similar purposes. You can also opt of participating companies that tailor advertising in this way by visiting the NAI opt out at https://optout.networkadvertising.org/optout/email.More choices you can makeYou can also make certain choices by using the options described in the "Information Collected Automatically or From Others" portion of the "Information We Collect" section and "Cookies & Similar Technologies" section above. Modifying your mobile device or browser settings, or opting out of interest-based advertising using your web browser, may have different results depending on the type of device you are using, the type of web browser you are using, and the version of the device operating system you are running. Opting out of tailored advertising does not prevent you from seeing advertising online; instead, the ads you see are less likely to be customized to your interests. Opting out is generally effective only on a device-by-device, or browser-by-browser basis. If you use more than one browser or device, the effect of any opt-out mechanism you use may be limited to the device on which you used the mechanism.














IX. Data RetentionWe store the personal information we receive as described in this Privacy Policy for as long as we have a business need for it, including as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected. We also retain and use your information as necessary to comply with applicable legal obligations, including to resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, protect and defend Metropolis and our Users and Customers, enforce our agreements, and comply with applicable laws.














X. Security of Your InformationWe recognize the importance of implementing a variety of security safeguards designed to protect the confidentiality of your information. We take steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or other network is 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we do not accept liability for unintentional disclosure. As a result, while we strive to protect information you transmitted on or through our Services, you do so at your own risk.By using the Services or providing personal information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of the Services. If we learn of a security system's breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on the Services, by mail or by sending an e-mail to you.When you create an account, you may be prompted to create a username or password or utilize a device for authentication. If you create an account with us, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account password or authentication feature and for any activity that occurs under your account. We are not responsible for any loss or damage arising from your failure to maintain the confidentiality of your account. We urge you to change your passwords often, use a combination of letters and numbers, and make sure you are using a secure browser. We also urge you to keep your authentication device secure. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure or if you suspect someone else is using your account, please let us know immediately by contacting us as indicated in the "Contact Us" section below.














XI. Children’s InformationThe Services are not directed to children under sixteen (or other age as required by local law), and we do not knowingly collect or maintain personal information from persons under the age of sixteen. If we learn that we have inadvertently collected any personal information (as defined by the United States Children's Online Privacy Protection Act) in violation of applicable law, we will promptly take steps to delete such information and terminate the child's account. If you believe that we may have an personal information from a person under 16, please contact us as indicated in the "Contact Us" section below.














XII. Supplemental California Privacy NoticeThis California Privacy Notice applies only to California residents and supplements our general Privacy Policy. Terms used in this section and not otherwise defined have the meaning given to them under the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA").California Privacy RightsCalifornia law requires us to provide some additional information regarding your rights with respect to your "personal information." In many cases, if you are a California resident, the CCPA allows you to make certain requests about your personal information. Specifically, unless certain exceptions apply, the CCPA allows you to request us to:Inform you about the categories of personal information we collect or disclose about you; the categories of sources of such information; the business or commercial purpose for collecting your personal information; and the categories of third parties with whom we share/disclose personal information.Provide access to and/or a copy of certain personal information we hold about you.Delete certain personal information we have about you.Provide you with information about certain financial incentives that we offer to you, if any.You also have certain rights under the CCPA not to be subject to certain negative consequences for exercising CCPA rights.We reserve the right to verify your identity before responding to a request, which may include, at a minimum, depending on the sensitivity of the information you are requesting and the type of request you are making, verifying your name, email address, phone number, or other information. You are also permitted to designate an authorized agent to submit certain requests on your behalf. In order for an authorized agent to be verified, you must provide the authorized agent with signed, written permission to make such requests or a power of attorney. We may also follow up with you to verify your identity before processing the authorized agent's request.Please note that certain information may be exempt from such requests under California law. For example, we need certain information in order to provide the Services to you or to comply with legal obligations, so we would need to either reject your request to delete the information or, if we are legally permitted to delete it, we would need to terminate our provision of the Services to you after deleting it. If you would like further information regarding your legal rights under California law or would like to exercise any of them, please email privacy@metropolis.io.Collection, Use, and Disclosure of California Residents' Personal InformationDuring the twelve months leading up to the effective date of this Privacy Policy, we collected (and continue to collect) all of the categories of information listed in the chart below and described in the "Information We Collect" section of our Privacy Policy. That section also explains the sources from which we collect information about you, including, for example, you, Customers, business partners, conferences, events, sales partners, data brokers, public records, analytics providers, cookies and tracking technologies, survey and promotions partners, conferences and trade shows, marketing partners, and service providers, including those who assist in verifying identity and consumer information.The "How We Use Your Information" section of this Privacy Policy explains how and why we use your personal information. Generally speaking, we use your information to provide our Services; identify and verify your vehicle and the extent and scope of your use of the Services; manage and verify your account; bill, remit, charge, and process payments; send communications; personalize the Services; provide customer service; analyze, research, develop, and improve the Services; enforce legal terms and defend our rights; investigate and prevent security issues, fraud, and abuse; comply with laws; and as described when collecting your information.We share certain information as set forth in "How We Share Information" section and in the chart below, and we allow third parties to collect certain information about your activity, for example through cookies, as explained in the "Cookies & Similar Technologies" section and "Information Collected Automatically or From Others" portion of the "Information We Collect" section.Right to Opt OutCalifornia residents may opt out of the "sale" of their personal information. California law broadly defines "sale" in a way that may include allowing third parties to receive certain information such as cookies, IP address and/or browsing behavior for interest-based advertising or related purposes. Although Metropolis does not currently sell personal information in exchange for any monetary consideration, we may share personal information for these purposes in such a way that could be deemed a "sale" as defined by the CCPA. We also share certain information as set forth in "Cookies & Similar Technologies" section. For details on how to opt out of cookies, please see the "Cookies & Similar Technologies" section.If you or your authorized agent would like to opt out of Metropolis' use of your information for such purposes that are considered a "sale" under the CCPA, you may do so as outlined on the following page: Do Not Sell My Personal Information. Please note that we do not knowingly sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age.Disclosures made prior to the effective date of this Privacy PolicyIn the 12 months prior to the effective date of this Privacy Policy, we made the following disclosures of personal information about California residents:IdentifiersExamples: Name, license plate number and state, and other similar identifiers.Service providers who perform functions on our behalf, such as data storage and hosting providers, identity and information verification providers, email and notification providers, network and system management providers, communication tools, IT support providers, CRM providers, payment providers (“Service Providers”)Data analytics providersBusiness partnersCustomersAffiliatesAdvertising servicesOther individuals, services, and partners at your request or with your consentEntities involved in actual or potential significant corporate transactionsThird parties for legal purposesContact and account registration informationExamples: Telephone number, email address, other contact information; details about your vehicle, including color, make, model and year; and activation code.Service providersData analytics providersBusiness partnersCustomersAffiliatesAdvertising servicesOther individuals, services, and partners at your request or with your consentEntities involved in actual or potential significant corporate transactionsThird parties for legal purposesCustomer service informationExamples: Questions and other messages you address to us and summaries or voice recordings of your interactions with customer care.Service providersData analytics providersAffiliatesEntities involved in actual or potential significant corporate transactionsThird parties for legal purposesAffiliatesEntities involved in actual or potential significant corporate transactionsThird parties for legal purposesFinancial and transactional informationExamples: Billing information, financial account information (including credit card, bank account, and ACH information), and information about your transactions and activity with us and others.Service providersData analytics providersAffiliatesAdvertising servicesOther individuals, services, and partners at your request or with your consentEntities involved in actual or potential significant corporate transactionsThird parties for legal purposesBusiness and commercial information and professional or employment-related informationExamples: Job position, title, business address, business email address, phone number, size, location, and needs of your company.Service providersData analytics providersCustomersAffiliatesAdvertising servicesOther individuals, services, and partners at your request or with your consentEntities involved in actual or potential significant corporate transactionsThird parties for legal purposesConnection and usage dataExamples: Landing pages, browsing activity, content or ads viewed and clicked, dates and times of access, pages viewed, time spent on each page, search terms, and information about network web traffic (including traffic from a specific user).Service providersData analytics providersAffiliatesAdvertising servicesEntities involved in actual or potential significant corporate transactionsThird parties for legal purposesGeolocation dataExamples: Physical latitude-longitude coordinates; city, state, country, and ZIP code associated with your IP address.Service providersData analytics providersBusiness partnersCustomersAffiliatesAdvertising servicesOther individuals, services, and partners at your request or with your consentEntities involved in actual or potential significant corporate transactionsThird parties for legal purposesDevice information and identifiersExamples: IP address, browser type and language, operating system, platform type, device type, and software and hardware attributes.Service providersData analytics providersAffiliatesAdvertising servicesEntities involved in actual or potential significant corporate transactionsThird parties for legal purposesInferences drawn from other personal information to create a profile about a consumerExamples: Profile reflecting your valet and parking location preferences, personal merchant utilization, vehicle ownership, commuter patterns, employment, price optimization.Service providersData analytics providersAffiliatesAdvertising servicesEntities involved in actual or potential significant corporate transactionsThird parties for legal purposesInformation provided via research, surveys, sweepstakes, and/or other marketing or research effortsExamples: Submissions and responses:Service providersData analytics providersAffiliatesAdvertising servicesEntities involved in actual or potential significant corporate transactionsThird parties for legal purposesOther informationExamples: Other information you choose to directly provide to us in connection with your use of the Services.Service providersData analytics providersBusiness partnersCustomersAffiliatesAdvertising servicesOther individuals, services, and partners at your request or with your consentEntities involved in actual or potential significant corporate transactionsThird parties for legal purposesCalifornia "Shine the Light" Disclosure The California "Shine the Light" law gives residents of California the right under certain circumstances to opt out of the sharing of certain categories of personal information (as defined in the Shine the Light law) with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. We do not share your personal information with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes unless you affirmatively agree to such sharing.

 













XIII. Privacy Rights for Nevada ResidentsUnder Nevada law, certain Nevada residents may opt out of the "sale" of "covered information" (as such term is defined under Nevada law) for monetary consideration. We do not engage in such activity as of the effective date of this Privacy Policy.














XIV. Changes to our Privacy PolicyWe may update or revise this Privacy Policy from time to time in our sole discretion. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy frequently for any revisions or amendments. Changes to this Privacy Policy will be made accessible through use of the Services with an updated "Last Revised" date. If there are any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you as required by applicable law. You understand and agree that you will be deemed to have been made aware of and have accepted the updated Privacy Policy if you continue to use the Services after the updated Privacy Policy takes effect.














XV. How to Contact UsIf you have any questions about our privacy practices or this Privacy Policy, or if you wish to submit a request to exercise your rights as detailed in this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:Metropolis510 LaGuardia Place4th FloorNew York, NY 10012 privacy@metropolis.ioReturn to top© 2017-2023, Metropolis Technologies, Inc.Version: LK8G4233

 













More















Return to Legal Index















Privacy Policy















Do Not Sell















About Metropolis



Help Center



























This website uses cookies to provide you with a great experience. View our Privacy Policy for more details.  Allow