Published using Google DocsReport abuseLearn moreRocaNews Privacy PolicyUpdated automatically every 5 minutesPrivacy Policy Effective Date: 7/11/23This Privacy Policy describes the personal information that Pluto News Inc., d/b/a RocaNews (“RocaNews” or “we”) collects from or about you online, whether in connection with https://www.rocanews.com/, the newsletters you subscribe to, our mobile application, or via our engagement with users through social media platforms (collectively, our “Services”) and how we use and protect that personal information.WHEN DOES THIS PRIVACY POLICY APPLY?This Privacy Policy was posted and is effective on the Effective Date listed above. We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, as detailed below. If you have a question about how your personal information is being used, you can contact us through the methods provided in the “Contact Us” section at the end of this Privacy Policy. If at any time you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please stop using our Services as our Privacy Policy is binding upon all users of our Services.This Privacy Policy applies to the personal information collected from or through our Services, when this Privacy Policy is specifically referenced in our Services or when we ask you to acknowledge it.  This Privacy Policy also covers personal information that we collect from individuals who contact us by email or telephone.This Privacy Policy does not apply to websites and other online services operated by other organizations. We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites and other online services linked to/from our Services nor the information contained therein. Often links to other websites are provided solely as a way for the user to obtain information that may be useful to them. Those other websites and services follow their own privacy policies, not this Privacy Policy. Please make sure to check those privacy policies so you know how your information is handled.NOTICE AT COLLECTION RocaNews collects Personal Information from people who browse our webpage, sign up for our newsletters, interact with our app and social media pages, and from third parties, such as service providers and online advertising partners, as outlined in the section titled “What Types of Personal Information Does RocaNews Collect and Why?” “Personal Information” is information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular individual or household. We collect this information to provide, maintain, and improve our products and website, and for other reasons listed in the “How Does RocaNews Use Personal Information” section below. We will retain your information for as long as needed to fulfill the business purposes for which it was collected and to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. We only collect sensitive personal information to provide RocaNews Services and we delete this information as soon as the purposes for collection are complete. In order to provide you with more personalized and relevant content, we partner with third party advertising and analytics partners, which may be considered a ”sale” or “sharing” as those terms are defined under applicable privacy laws, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act. The personal information we “sell” or “share” is limited to your identifiers, internet or other electronic network activity information, commercial information, and sensitive personal information, such as login information when you create an account with us. At any time, you can opt out of the sale or sharing of your Personal Information, by clicking the “Your Privacy Choices” link here.WHAT TYPES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION DOES ROCANEWS COLLECT AND WHY?1. Information you choose to give usWe collect the personal information you choose to share with us. You have choices about the information we collect. When you are asked to provide personal information, you may decline. However, if you choose not to provide information that is necessary to provide a service, you may not be able to use some of our Services. The personal information that you choose to give to us typically includes the following types of personal information:Identifiers, which includes contact information like name, usernames or social media handles, email address, name, and telephone numbersCommercial information when you apply to partner with us, such as your name, company name, details of your advertising campaign, and company email address Content of communications, such as phone calls, emails or messages when you contact customer service or provide information to us Audio, visual, or similar information, such as videos or photographs you submit to us or post on our social media pages Sensitive personal information, such as your username and login information, when you create an account with us. Any other information you provide when you interact with our quizzes, surveys, or polls 2.  Information automatically collected during use of our ServicesWe automatically collect certain personal information from and about use of our Services from users’ computers and mobile devices. Some automatically-collected information is personal information under certain laws. This information is automatically collected using cookies, pixel, web beacons and similar data collection technology (collectively, data collection technology).  The information that we automatically collect includes:Information about your computer or mobile device, such as device type and identification number, browser type, internet service provider, mobile network and operating systemGeolocation information, such as IP address and broad geographic location (e.g., country or city-level location)Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as how a computer or mobile device interacts with our Services, including the date and time our Services is accessed, links clicked and videos watchedTraffic and usage measurementsData about the third-party sites or services accessed before interacting with our ServicesSocial media information is collected by RocaNews when you connect to our Services through a social media platform such as Instagram, we collect the personal information permitted by the social media platform and your account permissions3.  Personal Information received about prospective users and customers from third partiesThe types of personal information that we receive from third parties are:Identifiers, demographic information, and information about your interests and purchases from marketing services vendors that help us identify individuals who may be interested in learning more about our Services and to supplement personal information we already have, such as when we acquire a contact list from data aggregatorsInformation about your interactions with advertisements on our Services or ads that we place on third party websites, from online advertising partnersFrom publicly-available sources so that we can better understand our customers and usersIdentifiers, demographic information, and information about your interests and purchases from social media partners.Financial information, such as payment card information, is collected by service providers acting on our behalf, however, we do not receive your payment information.Your personal information may be used to create inferences about you, which may include information about your preferences, interests, characteristics, or behavior. When we combine data from third-party data sources to enhance the personal information that we hold about users or prospects, we require that each data provider confirm that its sharing of personal information with RocaNews is lawful.4.  Other information collected with consentWe may ask individuals for consent to collect specific types of personal information, such as when you interact with polls or quizzes within our app5.  Interactions with our ServicesWe may use technology to monitor how you interact with our Services. This may include without limitation which links you click on, information that you type into our online forms, and about your device or browser. Further, we utilize session replay technology to monitor and record keyboard clicks and movements, keystrokes, and pages and content viewed by you. We regularly use these technologies when you use Talk to Roca and Prompts, which are features on our Services similar to a chat that allows you to communicate with Roca Editors. Please discontinue use of the Services if you do not consent to our collection of such information.HOW DOES ROCANEWS USE PERSONAL INFORMATION?RocaNews uses personal information to provide our Services, manage our business, protect users and enforce our legal rights.  We use personal information to provide, personalize and improve our Services, including:To provide our ServicesTo centralize personal information in our customer relationship management databaseTo send marketing and non-marketing communications to usersFor targeted advertisements (also sometimes referred to as personalized or interest-based advertising) based on information generated by a user’s online activity, such as visiting websites that contain our advertising partners’ cookies. Typically, although not always, the information used for interest-based advertising is collected through data collection technology as described belowTo create and update accounts, such as to set up and maintain your subscription to our newsletter, your account, or registration for other Services.For customer serviceTo analyze how users interact with our Services and activity trends so that we can develop new features that meet user expectationsTo improve our Services and users’ experience of themTo promote our Services, such as by sending you information and updates about our Services that we think will interest youFor data analytics, research, product development and machine learning that enable us to better understand our customer base and offer innovations for themFor monitoring and testing our Services, including to troubleshoot operational problemsTo create anonymized data, which are not subject to this Privacy PolicyTo detect and protect against fraud and unauthorized use of our ServicesFor risk management, legal compliance, and similar administrative purposes, such as to monitor and enforce compliance with our customer agreementsDe-identified information. We maintain and use all deidentified information in deidentified form. We do not attempt to reidentify it except to ensure our deidentification processes are in compliance with applicable data protection laws.HOW DOES ROCANEWS DISCLOSE PERSONAL INFORMATION?RocaNews discloses personal information with people and businesses that help operate our Services and carry out our business and when we are legally permitted or required to do so.  RocaNews discloses personal information with the following categories of recipients:Professional advisors, such as lawyers, accountants, insurers and information security and forensics expertsAffiliates or business partners Service providers to enable them to perform services on our behalf, including data analytics, data security, marketing, surveys, research and otherwise to help us carry out our businessThird parties that assist us with online advertising and analyticsPotential or actual acquirers or investors and their professional advisers in connection with any actual or proposed merger, acquisition or investment in or of all or any part of our business. We will use our best efforts to ensure that the terms of this Privacy Policy apply to personal information after the transaction or that users receive advance notice of changes to personal information processingCompetent law enforcement, government regulators and courts when we believe disclosure is necessary (i) to comply with the law, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend legal rights, or (iii) to protect the vital interests of users, business partners, service providers or another third partyOther third parties with your permission or as required or permitted by lawWhen required, the recipients are contractually bound to handle personal information in compliance with this Privacy Policy.DO USERS HAVE ACCESS TO PUBLIC POSTING AREAS?Yes, occasionally if a user submits a good idea or feedback we decide to implement, we sometimes include a screenshot of the message to give credit to the user for their idea. PLEASE BE EXTREMELY CAREFUL WHEN DISCLOSING ANY INFORMATION IN PUBLIC POSTING AREAS. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE USE BY OTHERS OF THE INFORMATION THAT YOU DISCLOSE IN PUBLIC POSTING AREAS.DOES ROCANEWS USE COOKIES AND OTHER DATA COLLECTION TECHNOLOGY?We use cookies and other data collection technology, such as web beacons, pixels, and clear gifs, collectively known as “cookies,” to recognize users and other individuals and/or their devices when they use our Services.What are cookies?Cookies are small text files that are sent to or accessed from your web browser or your computer's hard drive. A cookie typically contains the name of the domain (internet location) from which the cookie originated, the “lifetime” of the cookie (i.e., when it expires) and a randomly generated unique number or similar identifier. Cookies can be “Persistent” or “Session” Cookies. Persistent cookies remain on your personal computer or mobile device when you go offline, while session cookies are deleted as soon as you close your web browser. A cookie also may contain information about your computer or device, such as settings, browsing history and activities conducted while using our Services.RocaNews also uses “pixels” (sometimes called web beacons). Pixels are transparent images that can collect information about website usage across websites and over time. Pixels and similar data collection technology enable RocaNews to monitor traffic patterns from one webpage to another, to deliver or communicate with cookies, to understand whether users visit our Services after seeing our online advertisement displayed on a third-party website, to improve performance of our Services and to measure the success of our email marketing campaigns.Cookies and third party advertising.Cookies that RocaNews sets in our Services are called first-party cookies. Cookies set in our Services by any other party are called third-party cookies. Third-party cookies enable third-party features or functionality on or through our Services, such as analytics and marketing automation. The parties that set third-party cookies can recognize your device both when you use it to access our Services and also when you use it to visit certain other websites. The use of online tracking mechanisms by third parties is subject to those third parties’ own privacy policies, and not this privacy policy. Again, we do not endorse and are not responsible in any way for the privacy practices of third party websites.Why does RocaNews use cookies and other tracking technology?Some cookies are required for our Services to operate. Other cookies enable us to enhance the experience of our Services. Below we list the different types of cookies we or third parties may use when providing our Services. You may control the collection of your personal information by visiting the “Cookie Choices” section below. The types of cookies served on through our Services and why they are used is as follows:Essential or Strictly Necessary cookiesThese cookies are essential to our Services and enable you to move around it and to use its features. They help to authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use of user accounts. Without these necessary cookies, we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our Services will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. The categories of personal information collected by these cookies may include identifiers, commercial information, internet or other network activity, and sensitive personal information. We may share your personal information collected through these cookies to the following categories of third parties: service providers, third party advertising and analytics partners, and business partners.Cookie Name Cookie Provider  First Party or Third PartyOpt out linkDuration    rocanews.comRocaNewsFirst PartyRocaNewsExpire at the end of the browser session. Performance or Analytics cookies Performance cookies, which are sometimes called analytics cookies, collect information about your use of the Services and enable us to improve the way the Services work. For example, performance cookies show us which are the most frequently visited pages on the Services, allow us to see the overall patterns of usage on the Services, help us record any difficulties you have with the Services and show us whether our advertising is effective or not. The categories of personal information collected by these cookies may include identifiers, commercial information, internet or other network activity, and sensitive personal information. We may allow service providers, business partners, and other third parties to use third-party cookies and similar technologies to track your browsing activity over time and across the Services and third party websites for targeted advertising purposes. Personal information collected from these cookies may be combined with other personal information to create inferences about you.Browsing and Functionality CookiesFunctionality cookies allow us to remember the choices you make when using our Services and to provide enhanced and more personalized features, such as customising a certain webpage, remembering if we have asked you to participate in a promotion, remembering your login details or language preference, and for other services you request, like watching a video or commenting on a blog. All these features help us to improve your visit to and use of the Services. The categories of personal information collected by these cookies may include identifiers, commercial information, internet or other network activity, and sensitive personal information. We may share your personal information collected through these cookies to the following categories of third parties: service providers and business partners.Targeting or Advertising cookies RocaNews and its third party advertising partners may use targeting or advertising cookies to make advertising messages more relevant to you by helping us display advertisements that are based on your inferred interests, prevent the same ad from appearing too often and ensure that ads are properly displayed for advertisers. RocaNews may use information about interactions with our Services for digital marketing purposes. RocaNews and third parties also may deploy technology that measures the effectiveness of advertisements by using cookies or web beacons to collect information about use of our Services and other websites to provide relevant advertisements on other websites about goods and services that may interest you. These cookies remember what you have looked at on the Services and we may share this information with other third parties, service providers, and business partners, such as advertisers. The categories of personal information collected by these cookies may include identifiers, commercial information, internet or other network activity, and sensitive personal information. The personal information collected from these cookies may be combined with other personal information to create inferences about you.Cookie Choices.You have the right to decide whether to accept or reject non-essential cookies.  You can set your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is set. We have provided information below about how you can control the use of cookies by RocaNews and third parties. Please note that disabling cookies may impact certain Service functionality. Disabling cookiesTo learn more about cookies generally, visit www.allaboutcookies.org. You may remove yourself from the targeted advertising of companies within the Network Advertising Initiative by opting out here, or of companies participating in the Digital Advertising Alliance program by opting out here. For more information particularly regarding targeting and advertising cookies and how you can opt out, you can also visit http://www.youronlinechoices.com. The Digital Advertising Alliance provides an opt-out mobile app to control interest-based advertising on apps on your mobile device, available on the Apple Store, Google Play, and Amazon’s Appstore.Do Not Track and Opt-Out Preference Signals Some web browsers (including Safari, Internet Explorer, Firefox and Chrome) incorporate a “Do Not Track” (DNT) or similar feature that signals to websites that a user does not want to have his or her online activity and behavior tracked.  If a website that responds to a particular DNT signal receives the DNT signal, the browser blocks that website from collecting certain information from the browser cache. Not all browsers offer a DNT option and DNT signals are not yet uniform. For this reason, many website operators, including RocaNews, do not yet respond to DNT signals. We currently do not recognize opt-out preference signals, such as the Global Privacy Control (available here), as a request to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information. Your browser settingsYou may refuse to accept non-essential cookies at any time by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse such cookies. The cookie setting configuration for each browser is different. More information about managing cookies on different browsers can be found at the links provided below:BrowserCookie Management LinkGoogle Chromehttps://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en Firefoxhttps://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enhanced-tracking-protection-firefox-desktop?redirectslug=enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences&redirectlocale=en-US Operahttps://help.opera.com/en/latest/security-and-privacy/ Microsoft Internet Explorerhttps://support.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/delete-and-manage-cookies-168dab11-0753-043d-7c16-ede5947fc64d Apple Safarihttps://support.apple.com/en-il/guide/safari/sfri11471/mac Microsoft Edgehttps://support.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/delete-cookies-in-microsoft-edge-63947406-40ac-c3b8-57b9-2a946a29ae09 Google has developed an opt-out browser add-on if you want to opt out of the cookies used for Google Analytics. You can download and install the add-on for your web browser here. You may refuse the use of these cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser.HOW DOES ROCANEWS PROTECT PERSONAL INFORMATION?RocaNews uses technical, physical, and administrative safeguards intended to protect the personal information in our control. Our safeguards are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing personal information and include (as applicable) measures to ensure the ongoing confidentiality, integrity, availability, and resilience of processing systems and a procedure for regularly testing, assessing, and evaluating the effectiveness of technical and organizational measures for ensuring the security of the processing of personal information. Please understand, however, that no data transmissions over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure due to the inherent risks of data transmission over the Internet. Consequently, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you understand that any information that you transfer to us is done at your own risk. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account credentials. RocaNews will treat access to our Services through a user’s account credentials as authorized by the user.RocaNews may suspend access to all or part of our Services without notice if we suspect or detect any breach of security.  If you believe that information you provided to RocaNews or your account is no longer secure, please notify us immediately at privacy@rocanews.comIf we become aware of a breach that affects the security of your personal information, we will provide you with notice as required by applicable law. When permitted by applicable law, RocaNews will provide this notice to you through the email address associated with your account. By using our Services or providing personal information to us, you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy and administrative issues relating to your use of the Services. We may post a notice via our Services if a security breach occurs. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing.UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO PERSONAL INFORMATION AND THE SERVICES – INCLUDING SCRAPING – IS PROHIBITED AND MAY LEAD TO CRIMINAL PROSECUTION.HOW LONG DOES ROCANEWS RETAIN PERSONAL INFORMATION?We retain personal information about users for as long as a user’s account is active and otherwise as long as necessary for the purposes described above. We also retain personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.RocaNews regularly updates the information in our Services and removes information when RocaNews becomes aware the information is obsolete or inaccurate.  Otherwise, we retain the personal information that we handle subject to this Privacy Policy in accordance with our data retention policy.  At the end of the relevant retention period, we take measures to delete or de-identify personal information or. If working to delete and deletion is not possible, we may segregate and securely store personal information until deletion is possible.  WHAT CHOICES ARE AVAILABLE FOR PERSONAL INFORMATION?To stop receiving promotional emails from RocaNews, please click the “Unsubscribe” link at the bottom of the email.   After you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as administrative information about your account or security related notices.IF YOU ARE LOCATED IN A JURISDICTION WITH DATA PROTECTION LAWS THAT OFFER YOU PRIVACY RIGHTS NOT DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE CONTACT US AT privacy@rocanews.com. We respect your privacy rights and will do our best to accommodate your requests.Privacy Rights for California, Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia. Depending on your state of residence, the rights available to you may differ in some respects. RocaNews responds to any rights requests in accordance with legal obligations.  The rights provided by California, Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia law are listed in the chart below.  Additionally, all users may exercise their rights to opt-out of marketing communications by following the directions provided below. RocaNews will respond to any rights request in accordance with applicable legal regulations.  Description of RightsApplicable to Residents of:Right to Know or Access: You may have the right to obtain confirmation about whether or not your personal information is being processed by us. If so, you may have the right to access the personal information we hold about you and/or request other related information, such as the purposes for which use that information, the categories of personal information we process about you, the recipients (or categories of recipients) to whom your personal information has been or will be disclosed, the retention period for such personal information, or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine that period, your legal rights with respect to your personal information, etc. CaliforniaColoradoConnecticutUtahVirginia Right to Delete: You may have the right to request the deletion or erasure of your personal information in certain circumstances. California ColoradoConnecticut UtahVirginia  Right to Correct: Depending on your location and applicable laws, you may have the right to correct or update your personal information if inaccurate. California ColoradoConnecticut Virginia  Right to Opt-out of Sale, Sharing, and Targeted Advertising of your Personal Information: You may have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information to third parties. To exercise this right, you may submit a request by contacting us. Note that we do not sell the personal information of individuals under 18 years old. Please also note that in some jurisdictions, this is an opt-in right to which we comply by obtaining express consent at our points of collection.  California ColoradoConnecticut UtahVirginia  Right to Withdraw Consent: You may have the right to withdraw consent to the continued use or disclosure of your personal information, subject to legal or contractual restrictions and reasonable notice. California ColoradoConnecticut  Right to Nondiscrimination: You may have the right to non-discrimination, such as to receive equal service and pricing from a business, even after exercising your rights.  California ColoradoConnecticut UtahVirginia  Right to Data Portability: Depending on your location and applicable laws, you may have the right to receive the personal information that you have given us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. You may also have the right to send that personal information to another controller if the processing is based on consent pursuant or on a contract and is carried out by automated means. California ColoradoConnecticut UtahVirginia  Right to Opt-out of Profiling: You may have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on profiling or automated decision-making, except under certain exceptions under local law. California ColoradoConnecticut Virginia  Right to Limit the Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information: You may have the right to limit the use and disclosure of your sensitive personal information if we use such information to infer characteristics about you; however, RocaNews does not use your sensitive personal information for these purposes, so it does not offer the right limit. California  Submitting rights requests. If you, or an authorized agent acting on your behalf (as permitted by California, Colorado, or Connecticut law), wish to: (1) make a request related to any of the rights set forth below; (2) appeal a decision we made regarding a request; or (3) appeal our refusal to act within a reasonable time, please contact us. Residents of Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia have the right to appeal a denial of their request by contacting us as described in the notice of denial. Identity verification. We may need to verify your identity and/or request before completing it. For example, we may ask you to confirm data points we already have about you. We will only use personal information provided in a request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority. Note that, where permitted by applicable law, we may deny a request from an authorized agent that does not submit sufficient proof that they have been authorized to act on behalf of another individual.California’s Shine the Light Law. California’s “Shine the Light” law, permits California residents to request a notice disclosing the categories of personal information about you that we have shared with third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year, or providing a mechanism by which you can opt out of such sharing. At this time, RocaNews does not share personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes.Your Nevada Privacy Rights. Operators of commercial websites that collect or maintain the personal information of Nevada residents must provide the ability for Nevada residents to opt-out of the sale of their personal information to a third party for that third party’s direct marketing purposes. We currently do not sell your personal information as defined by Nevada law. European Economic Area (“EEA”), United Kingdom, and Switzerland  We process “personal data” (referred to within this Policy as “personal information”) as that term is defined in the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”). If you are located in the EEA, U.K., or Switzerland, you have the following rights: You have the right to access information about the categories of personal information we have collected about you. You may also request a copy of the personal data we have collected, and upon request, we will provide this information to you in electronic form or transfer it to a third party.You have the right to correct your personal information if inaccurate. You have the right to request erasure of your personal information when such information is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was collected, when you withdraw consent and no other legal basis for processing exists, or when you believe that your fundamental rights to data privacy and protection outweigh our legitimate interest in continuing the processing.You have the right to restrict our processing of personal information if there is a dispute about the accuracy of the data; if the processing is unlawful; if the processing is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was collected but is needed by you for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; or if your request to object to processing is pending evaluation.You have the right to object to processing of your personal information based on our legitimate interests or for direct marketing (including profiling). We will no longer process the data unless there are compelling legitimate grounds for our processing that override your interests, rights, and freedoms, or for the purpose of asserting, exercising, or defending legal claims.You have the right to obtain information about, and a copy of, the safeguards we use to transfer personal information across borders.In processing personal information, we may rely upon the following lawful bases:Consent. We may process personal information with the consent of the individual whose data is being processed and/or in reliance upon the consent of the administrator of the account, who must affirm that s/he has obtained appropriate consent from all participants.Contract.  When we enter a contract with you and/or an administrator for your account, we process personal information on the basis of our contract in order to prepare and enter into the contract, as well as to perform and manage our contract. This is necessary for us to provide the Services to you.Vital interests. In a case where the personal information is required to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person, then this may be used as the lawful basis of the processing. For example, we may need to process personal information in the event of a pandemic. As required by law.  We may process personal information as required to comply with legal obligations to which we are subject for the for the purpose of compliance with EEA, UK, or Swiss public, governmental, judicial, or other regulatory authorities. For legitimate business purposes. This includes but is not limited to legal compliance and the purposes described above.Users who are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), U.K., or Switzerland have the right to lodge a complaint about our data collection and processing actions with the supervisory authority concerned. Contact details for data protection authorities are available here: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us. HOW DOES ROCANEWS PROTECT CHILDREN'S PRIVACY?We do not knowingly collect personal information online from individuals under the age of 18.  If you become aware that an individual under the age of 18 has provided us with personal information without parental consent, please contact privacy@rocanews.com. Once we become aware, we will take steps to remove the minor’s personal information.DOES ROCANEWS TRANSFER PERSONAL INFORMATION TO OTHER COUNTRIES?If you are visiting or using our Services from a location outside of the U.S., your connection may be through and to servers located in the U.S. RocaNews and/or RocaNews’ service providers may store personal information outside the U.S.  These other jurisdictions may have data protection laws that are different from U.S. laws.  Any information you provide during your visit will be processed and maintained on our server and other internal systems located within the U.S. or otherwise as described above. You acknowledge you understand that by providing your personal information to us, your personal information (i) will be used for the uses identified above in accordance with this Privacy Policy, and (ii) may be transferred to the U.S. as indicated above, in accordance with applicable law. When your personal information is transferred by us or our service providers, we take measures to deploy appropriate technical and organizational safeguards consistent with the requirements of applicable data protection law. We primarily use Standard Contractual Clauses (including the UK Data Transfer Mechanism) for data transfers from the European Union, the EEA, the UK and Switzerland to countries outside the EEA (including the UK). For transfers between other jurisdictions, we may rely on other legal mechanisms for international transfer, as appropriate under the relevant law. Please contact us for more information and to receive a copy of the standard contractual clauses we may utilize.WHEN IS THIS PRIVACY POLICY CHANGED?We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time in response to changing legal, technical or business developments.  The most current version always is available at www.rocanews.com/privacy.When we update this Privacy Policy, we will post the updated version on the Services and change the Effective Date above. We also take appropriate measures to inform you in advance of significant changes that we believe affect your privacy rights so that you have an opportunity to review the revised Privacy Policy before it is effective.  If your consent is required by applicable privacy laws, we will obtain your consent to changes before the revised Privacy Policy applies to you.  Please regularly check this Privacy Policy to ensure you are aware of the updated version.WHO DO I CONTACT WITH QUESTIONS?If you have any concerns or questions about any aspect of this Privacy Policy, please contact us as follows:privacy@rocanews.comAddress for legal notices inquiries:  RocaNews494 Broadway, Floor 2New York, NY 10012