






Go to navigation
Go to main content
Go to search
Go to search
Go to footer







HomeData protection
Home

Main content


Data protection




We take your privacy seriously and want you to feel at ease when visiting our website. We are committed to protecting your privacy during the processing of personal data and give due consideration to this in our business processes.








Data protection information






We process your personal data in accordance with legal provisions.




To Data Protection Information     



To Cookie Policy     



To Privacy Policy for the Lufthansa Facebook page     
























       Privacy settings    We use cookies and similar technologies that are necessary to run the app and the website. Additional cookies are only used with your consent. We use them to access, analyse and store information such as the characteristics of your device as well as certain personal data (IP addresses, navigation usage, geolocation data or unique identifiers). The processing of your data serves various purposes: Analytics cookies allow us to analyse our performance to offer you a better online experience and evaluate the efficiency of our campaigns. Personalisation cookies give you access to a customised experience of our website with usage-based offers and support. Finally, Advertising cookies are placed by third-party companies processing your data to create audiences lists to deliver targeted ads on social media and the internet. You may freely give, refuse or withdraw your consent at any time using the link provided at the bottom of each page. You can consent to our use of cookies by clicking on Agree. For more information on which data is collected and how it is shared with our partners please read our privacy and cookie policy : Privacy Policy Cookie Policy    Imprint   My settings         These cookies are necessary to run the core functionalities of this website, e.g. security related functions. With these cookies we can also detect if you want to stay logged into your profile to provide you with fast access to our services after revisiting our website.    
Monitor website traffic and optimize your user experience
Evaluate which marketing channels are performing better
Analyse aggregated data about usage of the website to understand our customers. Randomized identifiers shared with partners.
    
Store your preferences from previous visits
Collect user feedback to improve our website
Evaluate your interests to provide you unique customised content and offers
      By selecting this category, the categories Analytics and Personalization will also be activated.   
Make online and social advertising more relevant for you
Invite specific customer groups to reconnect with our products later
Share data with our advertising and social media partners via their third-party cookies to match your interests
     Save selection Agree to all        I do not agree Agree      