





Privacy Policy



At RAINFROG LLC we take the privacy of our customers (“Customer”, “you” or “your”) very seriously. This Privacy Policy is designed to tell you about our practices regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of information that RAINFROG LLC (“RAINFROG”, “us” or “we”) or its third party service providers collect through the “Pocket Yoga” and “Pocket Yoga Teacher” iPhone/iPad/mac application (“Application” or “App”). Data collected through your use of the Application is governed by this Privacy Policy. Please be sure to read this entire Privacy Policy before using the Application.
By accessing or using Pocket Yoga, you consent to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. We may modify or update this Privacy Policy at any time effective upon its posting on www.pocketyoga.com. Your continued use of this Application constitutes your acceptance to this Privacy Policy and any modifications or updates thereto.


WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Personal information you disclose to us
In Short: We collect personal information that you provide to us.
We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when you register on the App or when you participate in activities on the App (such as by when practicing yoga, reviewing other users’ practices or posting your own practices).
The personal information that we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us and the App, the choices you make and the products and features you use. The personal information we collect may include the following:
Personal Information Provided by You. We collect names; email addresses; passwords; practices completed; karma points; unlocked environments; profile picture; profile bio; profile (facebook/instagram/twitter/web) links; teacher certifications; uploaded practices; and written reviews.
Social Media Login Data. We may provide you with the option to register with us using your existing social media account details, like your Apple, Facebook, Twitter or other social media account. If you choose to register in this way, we will collect the information described in the section called “HOW DO WE HANDLE YOUR SOCIAL LOGINS?” below.


HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short: We process your information for purposes based on legitimate business interests, the fulfillment of our contract with you, compliance with our legal obligations, and/or your consent.
We use personal information collected via our App for a variety of business purposes described below. We process your personal information for these purposes in reliance on our legitimate business interests, in order to enter into or perform a contract with you, with your consent, and/or for compliance with our legal obligations. We indicate the specific processing grounds we rely on next to each purpose listed below.
We use the information we collect or receive:

To facilitate account creation and logon process. If you choose to link your account with us to a third-party account (such as your Apple, Twitter or Facebook account), we use the information you allowed us to collect from those third parties to facilitate account creation and logon process for the performance of the contract. See the section below headed "HOW DO WE HANDLE YOUR SOCIAL LOGINS?" for further information.
To enable user-to-user communications. We may use your information in order to enable user-to-user communications with each user's consent.
To manage user accounts. We may use your information for the purposes of managing our account and keeping it in working order.



WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?
In Short: We only share information with your consent, to comply with laws, to provide you with services, to protect your rights, or to fulfill business obligations.
We may process or share your data that we hold based on the following legal basis:

Consent: We may process your data if you have given us specific consent to use your personal information for a specific purpose.
Legitimate Interests: We may process your data when it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests.
Performance of a Contract: Where we have entered into a contract with you, we may process your personal information to fulfill the terms of our contract.
Legal Obligations: We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Vital Interests: We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.

More specifically, we may need to process your data or share your personal information in the following situations:

Business Transfers. We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.



HOW DO WE HANDLE YOUR SOCIAL LOGINS?
In Short: If you choose to register or log in to our services using a social media account, we may have access to certain information about you.
Our App offers you the ability to register and login using your third-party social media account details (like your Apple, Facebook or Twitter logins). Where you choose to do this, we will receive certain profile information about you from your social media provider. The profile information we receive may vary depending on the social media provider concerned, but will often include your name, email address, profile picture as well as other information you choose to make public on such social media platform. 
We will use the information we receive only for the purposes that are described in this privacy notice or that are otherwise made clear to you on the relevant App. Please note that we do not control, and are not responsible for, other uses of your personal information by your third-party social media provider. We recommend that you review their privacy notice to understand how they collect, use and share your personal information, and how you can set your privacy preferences on their sites and apps.


HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short: We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy notice unless otherwise required by law.
We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy notice, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements). No purpose in this notice will require us keeping your personal information for longer than the period of time in which users have an account with us.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize such information, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.


HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
In Short: We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organizational and technical security measures.
We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, despite our safeguards and efforts to secure your information, no electronic transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security, and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our App is at your own risk. You should only access the App within a secure environment.


DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?
In Short: Yes, we will update this notice as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.
We may update this privacy notice from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated "Revised" date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy notice, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy notice frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.


HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?
If you have questions or comments about this notice, you may email us at legal@pocketyoga.com or by post to:
Rainfrog, LLC
          3110 Thomas Ave.
          Suite 703
          Dallas, TX 75204
          United States         


HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?
To request to review, update, or delete your personal information, please email us at support@pocketyoga.com.


Last Updated: 11/15/2021






