




English

English
Deutsch
Español
français
Italiano
中文 (中国)
Português
ไทย
Indonesia
日本語
Bahasa Melayu
Pусский
Polski
Türkçe
Svenska
한국인
Magyar
čeština
中文
العربية






Moon Active – Privacy Policy
Last Revised: June 2023
Moon Active Ltd. and its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, “Moon Active”, 				“we”, “our” or “us”) 				develops, publishes and operates social games for web and mobile environments 				(“Games”), as well as web and mobile applications (each, an 				“App”) for playing our Games across multiple devices and platforms (such as mobile 				devices and Facebook).
We also operate the websites www.moonactive.com, 				www.melsoft-games.com, 				their subdomains, and related features, as well as an online store (collectively, 				“Sites”, and together with the Games and App, collectively – the 				“Services”).
Moon Active respects your privacy and is committed to making our practices regarding your data more transparent and 				fair. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, store, use and share your personal data, and it applies whenever 				you visit our Sites, install our App and play our Games, interact with us or otherwise access or use any of our 				Services.
We strongly urge you to read this Privacy Policy and make sure that you fully understand and agree 					to it. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please discontinue and avoid using 					our Services. You have the right to cease using our Services, pursuant to this Privacy Policy at any 					time.
Moon Active is a “data controller”. This means that we are responsible for deciding how we hold and use 				Personal Data about you. We are required under certain data protection legislation to notify you of the information 				contained in this Privacy Policy. You are not legally required to provide us with any Personal Data, but 				without it we will not be able to provide you with the full range or with the best experience of using our Services 				(for instance, you may still play our Games without connecting your Facebook account, but you will not be able to 				enjoy their social features).

Data Collection
Data Uses
Storage and Retention
Personal Data Deletion and Closure of Accounts
Data Sharing
Communications
Data Security
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
Advertising
Data Subject Rights – European Economic Area, Switzerland and United 						Kingdom
Data Transfers
Minors
Amendments and Controlling Version
Contact Us

 
1. Data Collection
We collect four main categories of data (and to the extent it may enable the identification of a specific person, or 				is linked to such potentially identifying data, we will deem it as “Personal Data”):
			


Data automatically collected or generated:When someone visits, interacts with or uses 						our Services, including any e-mail or text messages sent to them by us or via our Services, we may collect 						or generate technical data about them. We collect or generate such data either independently or with the 						help of third party services, including through the use of “cookies” and other tracking 						technologies (as further detailed below).Such data consists of connectivity, technical or 						aggregated usage data, such as IP address, in-game identifier, game statistics, game preferences, unique 						advertising ID (e.g. IDFA; you may reset such ID based on the operating system instructions ), 						non-identifying data regarding a device, operating system, browser or App version, mobile carrier, locale 						and language settings, user activity on our Services, in-App or Game activity (such as game play 						content/product interaction and advertising data); diagnostic data (i.e. crash data and game performance 						data). We do not use such data to learn a person’s true identity or contact details, but mostly to 						have a better understanding on how our users typically use and engage with our Services. The use of such 						technical and device data also helps us and our partners to deliver interest-based or otherwise more 						effective advertisements and content, to optimize our ad management and our users' viewing experience), and 						to improve the overall performance and your user experience of our Services. For more information about our 						advertising uses, please see Section 8 below.
Data received from you: You may provide us Personal Data voluntarily, such as when 						you set up an account with us, contact us (through Facebook, Messenger, e-mail, in-game chat or any other 						channel, including any support services), when you post on our public forums or groups, when you provide us 						your e-mail address (such as when you sign-up to receive e-mail updates or gifts), when you participate in 						competition, contest, tournaments and other promotions, when you place any purchases in any of our Games, 						when you interact with other users through the in-game chat or when you choose to connect your Facebook, 						Google, Apple or similar account to any of our Games.
Data received from Facebook and other channels:Once you connect the Games to your 						Facebook, Google, Apple or similar account, we will receive access to your public profile, including (to the 						extent you defined it as “public”), as applicable, your full name, e-mail address(es) provided 						to Facebook, Google or Apple, gender, profile picture or similar photo, location, time zone, and a list of 						your friends playing the Games (along with their photos and other public profile information). This will 						also allow us to present your and your friends’ public profile pictures inside the Games and to create 						your in-game friends list. In addition, we or our advertising partners may receive from Facebook and our 						other marketing channels general information concerning the performance of our advertising campaigns, such 						as the targeted age group or interests, and we or our partners may be able to link such general data to any 						other data in our possession. To learn more about our advertising practices, please refer to Section 8 						below. If you access our Services through a third party such as Facebook, Google or Apple, or connect our 						Services to any third-party account, you should also read their terms and conditions and privacy policies.
						If you are unclear about what information a third-party application is sharing with us, please visit that 						third-party application's website in order to learn more about their privacy practices.
Transaction Data: In-Game purchases will typically be processed by the relevant 						platform provider (e.g. Apple, Google or Facebook), and we will not collect or store your financial data, 						e.g. your credit card numbers or bank account. We may still however receive your non-financial Personal Data 						related to the purchase, such as your name, billing address, e-mail address and the items purchased, in 						order to fulfil your purchase and for our accounting purposes.


2. Data Uses
Our legal basis for collecting and using your Personal Data will depend on the particular purpose for which your data 				is being processed, however, we generally use the following:

Performance of a contract. We will use this basis for processing necessary to make the Games, including 					social gaming when you choose to log in with Facebook, Google or Apple, and support services, available to you, 					and to send you service communications, gifts and awards.
Consent. In limited cases (where you choose to sign up to receive direct marketing emails, where you 					accept cookies on our Sites, we will process your Personal Data based on your consent. You can withdraw your 					consent at any time by contacting us using the details in Section 13.
Legitimate interests. We will process your Personal Data based on our legitimate interests in 					maintaining and improving our Services and offerings, understanding how our Services are used, serving effective 					advertisements within our Games and through other channels, matching users to create in-game friends lists, 					improving our customer service and support operations, fraud detection and protecting and securing our users, 					ourselves and our Services.
Compliance with a legal obligation. In limited cases we may process your Personal Data where we need to 					do so to comply with a legal obligation e.g. which is set out in an applicable law, or if we receive an order 					from a court or regulatory body.

The purposes for which we use Personal Data are described in more detail below:

To facilitate, operate, and provide our Services;
To authenticate the identity of our players, and allow them access to additional features;
To provide our users with customer care, assistance and technical support services;
To enable you to interact with other players in the game;
To further develop, customize and improve the Services and your user experience, based on common or personal 					preferences, experiences and difficulties, including by personalizing your profile and friends list;
To manage and deliver advertisements more effectively, including contextual, behavioral and interests-based 					advertising based on in-Games progress and activity, based on your preferences or other data available to us or 					to our Service Providers, including for re-targeting purposes;
To contact our users (via e-mail, Facebook, push notifications or any other available channels) with general or 					personalized service-related messages (such as purchase confirmations or system maintenance notices); to contact 					our users with promotional messages (such as Games updates, bonuses, new features, VIP services, etc.); and to 					facilitate, sponsor and offer certain events and promotions;
To support and enhance our data security measures, including for the purposes of preventing and mitigating the 					risks of fraud, error or any illegal or prohibited activity;
To create aggregated statistical data, inferred non-personal data or anonymized or pseudonymized data (rendered 					non-personal), which we or our Service Providers may use to provide and improve our respective services; and 				
To comply with any applicable laws and regulations.

3. Storage and Retention
While privacy laws may vary between jurisdictions, Moon Active has taken reasonable steps to ensure that your 				Personal Data is treated by its affiliates and Service Providers in a secure and lawful manner, and in accordance 				with common industry practices, regardless of any lesser legal requirements that may apply in their jurisdiction.
				 
We retain your Personal Data in order to maintain our relationship and to provide you with our Services. We will 				retain your Personal Data for only as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which we collected it. In other 				words, we will retain your Personal Data for as long as you remain our user and have not notified us otherwise. We 				will take reasonable measures to delete your Personal Data if you delete your account. We may also retain your 				Personal Data for legal and accounting purposes (i.e., as required by laws applicable to record and bookkeeping, and 				in order to have proof and evidence concerning our relationship, should any legal issues arise following your 				discontinuance of use), in accordance with our Data Retention Policy. If you have any questions about our Data 				Retention Policy, please contact us at https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/en-us.
Please note that except as required by applicable law, we will not be obligated to retain your data for any 				particular period, and are free to securely delete it for any reason and at any time, with or without notice to you.
			
In some circumstances, we may anonymize your Personal Data so that it can no longer be associated with you, in which 				case we may use such information without further notice to you and it is no longer considered Personal Data within 				the meaning of this Privacy Policy.
4. Personal Data Deletion and Closure of 					Accounts
In addition to any other rights set out in this Privacy Policy (except as set out in the Candidate Privacy Addendum), 				you at any time may direct that Moon Active delete your Personal Data by accessing the “Account 				Deletion” button in the applicable Game and following the instructions.  Selection of this option will 				result in closure of your Account and deletion of all of your playing history, purchase information, social media 				log-in and other information associated with you in connection with the Game.  Deletion is irreversible. If you 				maintain Accounts with multiple Games, you should request closure of each.
Upon receipt of your request, we will comply promptly but please allow some time for processing.  We also 				reserve the right to retain a copy of any Personal Data that we are required by applicable law to retain.
5. Data Sharing
We may share your data with certain third parties, including law enforcement agencies, our Service Providers and our 				affiliates. The circumstances in which we share data are summarised below:

Compliance with Laws, Legal Orders and Authorities: We may disclose or allow government and law 					enforcement officials access to certain Personal Data, in response to a subpoena, search warrant or court order 					(or similar requirement), or in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, including for national security 					purposes. Such disclosure or access may occur with or without notice to you, if we have a good faith belief that 					we are legally compelled to do so, or that disclosure is appropriate in connection with efforts to investigate, 					prevent, or take action regarding actual or suspected illegal activity, fraud, or other wrongdoing.
Service Providers: We may engage selected third party companies, contractors and individuals to perform 					services complementary to our own (e.g. hosting services, data analytics services, marketing agencies and 					advertising services and tools, data and cyber security services, fraud detection and prevention services, 					payment processing services, customer support partners, external moderators and testers, user engagement 					services, e-mail distribution and monitoring services, session recording, and our business, legal, financial and 					compliance advisors) (collectively, “Service Providers”). These Service Providers 					may have access to your Personal Data, depending on each of their specific roles and purposes in facilitating 					and complementing our Services, and may only process your Personal Data for the purposes for which we have 					instructed them. We may also share anonymous, statistical or aggregated information with our Service Providers 					for legitimate business purposes. 
Third Party Integrations: The Services allow you integrate with certain third 					party services, such as in order to connect your Facebook, Google or Apple account to a certain Game, Login with 					Google, Facebook or sign in with Apple or to place purchases, in which case you will be bound by the terms and 					conditions and privacy notices of said third parties (e.g., Apple, Google or Facebook) – so please make 					sure that you read and accept them in advance. We do not receive or store your passwords for any of these third 					party services.
Protecting Rights and Safety: We may share your Personal Data with others, with or without notice to 					you, if we believe in good faith that this will help protect the rights, property or personal safety of Moon 					Active, any of our users or any members of the general public.
Moon Active Subsidiaries and Affiliated Companies: We may share Personal Data internally within our 					family of companies, for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. In addition, should Moon Active or any 					of its affiliates undergo any change in control, including by means of merger, acquisition or purchase of 					substantially all of its assets, your Personal Data may be shared with the parties involved in such event. If we 					believe that such change in control might materially affect your Personal Data then stored with us, we will 					notify you of this event and the choices you may have via e-mail and/or prominent notice on our Services.

For the removal of doubt, Moon Active may share your Personal Data in additional manners, pursuant to your explicit 				approval, or if we are legally obligated to do so, or if we have successfully rendered such data non-personal and 				anonymous. We may transfer, share or otherwise use non-personal data in our sole discretion and without the need for 				further approval.
6. Communications

Service Communications: We may contact you with important information regarding our Services. For 					example, we may notify you (through any of the means available to us) of changes or updates to our Services, 					billing issues, etc. You will not be able to opt-out of receiving such service communications.
Promotional Communications: If you have signed up to receive such communications from us, we may also 					notify you about new services, events and special opportunities or any other information we think you will find 					valuable. We may provide such notices through any of the contact means available to us (e.g. phone, mobile or 					e-mail), through the Services, or through our marketing campaigns on any other sites or platforms.

You have the right to withdraw your consent to receiving such promotional communications at any time.  You can 				do this by contacting us at  https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/en-us or by 				following the “unsubscribe”, “stop” or “change e-mail preferences” instructions 				in the promotional communications you receive.
7. Data Security
In order to protect your Personal Data held with us and our Service Providers, we use appropriate physical, 				procedural and electronic security measures, including encryption where deemed appropriate.. However, please be 				aware that regardless of any security measures used, we cannot and do not guarantee the absolute protection and 				security of any Personal Data stored with us or with any third parties. If you discover any security or 				vulnerability issues related to the Services you should send an email to: info@moonactive.com.
8. Cookies and Tracking Technologies
Our Services and some of our Service Providers utilize “cookies”, anonymous identifiers and other 				tracking technologies (collectively, “Tracking Technologies”) which help us provide and 				improve our Services, personalize your experience and monitor the performance of our activities and campaigns, as 				well as the usage of our Apps, Games and Services as a whole. To learn more, please visit our Cookie Policy.
9. Advertising
Our Games include advertising for third party services and products. We and our advertising partners use certain data 				about you in order to improve our advertising practices and make the ads we deliver more effective, relevant and 				enjoyable, including by deploying interest-based advertising, as well as targeting and ad measurement and 				attribution systems.
Such data includes your device advertising identifiers (e.g. IDFA or Advertising ID), to the extent available), data 				related to your connected Facebook, Google or Apple profile (if any, such as your gender, region or country), 				gameplay content, user in-game ID, product interaction data and other demographic and interests-based information 				that we or our advertising partners may have received from or about you, based on your consent or another legal 				basis (i.e., as required in order to provide you with our respective services, or based on the legitimate interests 				that we described above).
The ads we or our advertising partners deliver may be shown within our Games, our Services, or through other 				channels, such as third party websites and applications.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control, or to employees or 				Service Providers that we do not manage. Any information you provide to sites, applications or services advertised 				through our Services will be covered by the applicable privacy policies specified therein. Please be sure to read 				the privacy policies of any third-party applications, services and sites that you visit or provide permission to 				access your information. It is those third parties’ responsibility to protect any information you give them, 				so we will not be held liable for their use of your personally identifying information. To learn more, please visit 				our Cookie Policy.

How to adjust your preferences regarding interest-based advertisingIf you wish to prevent the use 					of your device’s advertising ID or other identifiers for interest-based advertising, you may change your 					device settings to reset such advertising ID or opt-out of such advertising (typically, this is available under 					the “Privacy” or “Ads” section in your device settings). If you live in the USA, Canada 					or Europe, you can also opt-out from the collection of your data by our advertising partners who participate in 					the Digital Advertising Alliance, by visiting www.aboutads.info/choices (for US 					users), www.youradchoices.ca/choices (for Canadian users), www.youronlinechoices.eu (for European 					users).Please 					note that if you reset your advertising ID or opt-out of interest based advertising, you may still see 					advertisements in our Games, or on any other channels, but those ads will not be targeted based on the above 					mentioned identifiers. For example, such ads may be instead based on context, such as your progress and actions 					in the Games, or your language preferences. Please note that such actions may result in a less enjoyable user 					experience.
Aggregated and analytical informationWe use the standard analytics tools of Google Analytics and 					may use other analytics tools from time to time. The privacy practices of these tools are subject to their own 					privacy policies. To learn more, please visit our Cookie Policy.
Google ProductsGoogle uses technologies such as cookies in order to track and analyse the use of 					our Site and/or an SDK to serve ads within our Games. To learn more about how Google processes data, we 					recommend you review Google’s policies located at:
					 https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites. For additional information, please see Google 					Analytics’ opt-out web tool available at:  https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. For additional 					information regarding the data which Google SDK processes and stores see:
					https://support.google.com/admob/answer/7665968

10. Data Subject Rights – European Economic Area, Switzerland and 					United Kingdom 
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), Switzerland or the United Kingdom (UK) about whom we 				process Personal Data, you have the right to:

Request access to your Personal Data (commonly known as a “data subject access 					request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the Personal Data we hold about you and to check that we 					are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of the Personal Data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any 					incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you corrected.
Request erasure of your Personal Data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove Personal 					Data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete 					or remove your Personal Data where you have exercised your right to object to processing (see below).
Object to processing of your Personal Data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or 					those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to 					processing on this ground. You also have the right to object where we are processing your Personal Data for 					direct marketing purposes.
Request the restriction of processing of your Personal Data. This enables you to ask us to 					suspend the processing of Personal Data about you, for example if you want us to establish its accuracy or the 					reason for processing it.
Request the transfer of your Personal Data to another party.
No fee usually required. You will not have to pay a fee to access your Personal Data (or 					to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request for access is 					clearly unfounded or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with the request in such circumstances.
				
What we may need from you.We may need to request specific information from you to help us 					confirm your identity and ensure your right to access the information (or to exercise any of your other rights).
					This is another appropriate security measure to ensure that Personal Data is not disclosed to any person who has 					no right to receive it.
Right to Withdraw Consent.In the limited circumstances where you may have provided your 					consent to the collection, processing and transfer of your Personal Data for a specific purpose, you have the 					right to withdraw your consent for that specific processing at any time. To withdraw your consent, please 					contact info@moonactive.com. Once we have received notification that you have withdrawn your consent, we will no 					longer process your information for the purpose or purposes you originally agreed to, unless we have another 					legitimate basis for doing so in law.

If you wish to exercise your rights under applicable law (e.g., the General Data Protection Regulation 				(GDPR) or the UK GDPR) please contact us here.
If you reside in the EEA or UK you may also contact our EEA or UK representative at: dpr@moonactive.com.
If you wish to manage the information we receive about you from a third-party application or platform where you play 				our Games, such as Facebook, Apple or Google, please follow the third-party application’s instructions for 				updating your information and changing your privacy settings.
You have the right to file complaints with a data protection supervisory authority. For EEA residents, you can find 				details of your national supervisory authority at: https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en.
				UK residents can contact the Information Commissioner’s Office at: https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/.
11. Data Transfers
Your Personal Data may be maintained, processed, accessed and stored by Moon Active and our authorized affiliates and 				Service Providers in and from the United States and other jurisdictions, as necessary for the proper delivery of our 				Services, or as may be required by law. Moon Active is based in a jurisdiction which is considered by authorities of 				the UK, Switzerland and the European Commission to be offering an adequate level of protection for the Personal Data 				of residents of the EEA and UK.
We may transfer Personal Data we collect about you outside the EEA, Switzerland or UK,  in order to perform our 				contract with you. To ensure that your Personal Data receives an adequate level of protection, we have put in place 				the following measures to ensure that your Personal Data is treated by those third parties in a way that is 				consistent with and which respects the EU and UK laws on data protection: Standard Contractual Clauses and countries 				that are the subject of an EU adequacy determination. If you require further information about the protective 				measures, you may contact us using the details in Section 13.
12. Minors
The following Games are available to individuals who are sixteen (16) years of age and over:  ”My 				Café: Recipes and stories”, “Toy Defense”, “Toy Defense 2”, “Toy Defense:
				Fantasy”, “Fish Now.io”, “Kitchen Stars”, “Family Island”, “My Pizza 				Restaurant”, “Zen Match”, "Travel Town".
All other Games and Services are available only to individuals who are the greater of eighteen (18) years of age 				or the age of legal majority in your jurisdiction.
We reserve the right to request proof of age or parental consent at any stage. We may block Users whom we 				suspect are under the applicable age. We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from minors and do not wish 				to do so. If we learn that a minor is using the Services or playing any of our Games, we may prohibit and block 				such use and will make all efforts to promptly delete any Personal Data stored with us with regard to such minor.
			
If you believe that we might have any such data, please contact us at https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/en-us.
13. Amendments and Controlling Version
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time by posting an amended version on our Services. The amended version 				will be effective as of the published effective date. We will provide an advance notice if any substantial changes 				are involved, via any of the communication means available to us, or on the Services. After this notice period, all 				amendments shall be deemed accepted by you. If you do not agree to be bound by the terms of the new or modified 				Privacy Policy, you are required to stop using the Services.
The Privacy Policy has been drafted in the English language, which is the original and controlling version of this 				Privacy Policy. All translations of this Privacy Policy into other languages shall be solely for convenience and 				shall not control the meaning or application of this Privacy Policy. In the event of any discrepancy between the 				meanings of any translated versions of the Privacy Policy and the English-language version, the meaning of the 				English language version shall prevail.
14. Contact Us
If you have any comments or questions about this Privacy Policy or if you have any concerns regarding your Privacy, 				or to contact Moon Active’s Data Protection Manager, please use the link here.
If you reside in the EU or UK you may also contact our EU or UK representative at dpr@moonactive.com.
 
ANNEX A
Candidate Privacy Addendum
Moon Active is committed to protecting the privacy and security of your Personal Data. This Candidate Privacy 				Addendum describes how we collect and use Personal Data about you prior to your working relationship with us, in 				accordance with applicable data protection legislation. It applies to all candidates for positions as employees, 				workers or contractors.
This Candidate Privacy Addendum applies to candidates applying for employment and contractor roles with Moon Active.
				This Candidate Privacy Addendum does not form part of any contract of employment or other contract to provide 				services. We may update this notice at any time.
It is important that you read this Candidate Privacy Addendum together with our Privacy Policy and any other privacy 				notice we may provide to you on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing Personal Data about you, so 				that you are aware of how and why we are using such information and what your rights are under applicable data 				protection legislation.
A. Data Protection Principles:
We will comply with data protection law, which requires that the Personal Data we hold about you be:

Used lawfully, fairly and in a transparent way;
Collected only for valid purposes that we have clearly explained to you and not used in any way that is 					incompatible with those purposes;
Relevant to the purposes we have told you about and limited only to those purposes;
Accurate and kept up to date;
Kept only as long as necessary for the purposes we have told you about; and
Kept securely.

B. The Kind Of Information We Hold About You:
Personal data, or Personal Data, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified.
				It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data). There are “special 				categories” of more sensitive personal data which require a higher level of protection, such as information 				about a person’s health or sexual orientation.
We may collect, store, and use the following categories of Personal Data about you:

Personal contact details such as name, title, addresses, telephone numbers, and personal email addresses.
Date of birth.
Next of kin and emergency contact information.
Location of employment or workplace.
Recruitment information (including copies of right to work documentation, references and other information 					included in a CV or cover letter or as part of the application process).
Employment records (including job titles, work history, working hours, holidays, training records and 					professional memberships).
Compensation history.
Performance information.
Disciplinary and grievance information.
CCTV footage and other information obtained through electronic means such as swipe card records during the 					interview process, if applicable.
In the United Kingdom, results of HMRC employment status check, details of your interest in and connection with 					the intermediary through which your services are supplied.

C. How Is Your Personal Information Collected?  
We collect Personal Data about candidates through the application and recruitment process, either directly from 				candidates or sometimes from an employment agency. We may sometimes collect additional information from third 				parties, including former employers.
D. How We Will Use Information About You: 
We will only use your Personal Data when the law allows us and when we have a lawful ground to do so.  Most 				commonly, we will rely on the following lawful grounds to process your Personal Data:

Where we have your consent to do so (“Consent”).
Where we need to perform the contract we have entered into with you or take steps to enter into a contract with 					you (“Contract”).
Where we need to comply with a legal obligation (“Legal Obligation”).
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and 					fundamental rights do not override those interests (“Legitimate Interests”).

If you fail to provide certain information when requested, we may not be able to assess your eligibility or 				suitability for an open position, or we may be prevented from complying with our legal obligations.
We will only use your Personal Data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we 				need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If we need to use your 				Personal Data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do 				so.
Please note that we may process your Personal Data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above 				rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
It is important that the Personal Data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed of changes 				to your Personal Data during your candidacy.
E. Data Sharing:
We may have to share your data with third parties, including third-party Service Providers and other entities at Moon 				Active.
We require third parties to respect the security of your data and to treat it in accordance with the law.
We may transfer your Personal Data outside the EU, and if we do, we will ensure your Personal Data is adequately 				protected. Please see section 10 of our Privacy Policy for further information.  

Why might you share my Personal Data with third parties?We will share your Personal Data with 					third parties where required by law, where it is necessary to administer the working relationship with you or 					where we have another legitimate interest in doing so.
Which third-party Service Providers process my Personal Data?“Third parties” includes 					third-party Service Providers (including contractors and designated agents). The following Service Providers 					process Personal Data about you for the following purposes:
					
Comeet – recruiting


How secure is my information with Service Providers and other entities in our group?All our 					Service Providers are required to take appropriate security measures to protect your Personal Data in line with 					our policies. We do not allow our Service Providers to use your personal data for their own purposes. We permit 					them to process your personal data for only specified purposes and in accordance with our 					instructions.
What about other third parties?We may need to share your Personal Data with a regulator or to 					otherwise comply with the law.

F. Rights Of Access, Correction, Erasure, And Restriction  
If you are a resident of the EEA or UK, under certain circumstances, you have the right to the data subject rights 				outlined in Section 9 of our Privacy Policy. If you would like to review, verify, correct or request erasure of your 				Personal Data, object to the processing of your personal data, or request that we transfer a copy of your Personal 				Data to another party, please refer to Section 9 of this Privacy Policy.
G. Data Retention
We will retain your Personal Data for only as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which we collected it, 				including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements in accordance with 				applicable laws and regulations. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the 				amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure 				of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data, whether we can achieve those purposes 				through other means, and the applicable legal requirements. Once we no longer need candidate data, we will retain 				and securely destroy your Personal Data in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
H. Contact Us
You may contact us with any questions or concerns using the details in Section 14 of our Privacy Policy.




Moon Active - Datenschutzrichtlinie
Letzte Änderung: Juni 2023
Moon Active Ltd. und seine Tochtergesellschaften und verbundenen Unternehmen (insgesamt „Moon 					Active“, „wir“, „unser“ oder 				„uns“) entwickelt, veröffentlicht und betreibt soziale Spiele für Web- und 				Mobilumgebungen („Spiele“) sowie für Web- und Mobilanwendungen (jeweils als 				„App“ bezeichnet) zum Spielen unserer Spiele über mehrere Geräte und 				Plattformen (wie mobile Geräte und Facebook) hinweg.
Wir betreiben auch die Websites www.moonactive.com, www.melsoft-games.com, ihre Subdomains und die damit verbundenen 				Funktionen sowie einen Onlineshop (insgesamt die „Seiten“ und – zusammen mit den 				Spielen und der App – die „Dienste“).
Moon Active respektiert Ihre Privatsphäre und ist bestrebt, unsere Vorgehensweisen in Bezug auf Ihre Daten 				transparenter und fairer zu gestalten. Diese Datenschutzrichtlinie beschreibt, wie wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten 				erheben, speichern, verwenden und übermitteln. Sie gelten, wenn Sie unsere Seiten besuchen, unsere App 				installieren und unsere Spiele spielen, mit uns interagieren oder anderweitig auf unsere Dienste zugreifen oder 				diese nutzen.
Wir empfehlen Ihnen dringend, diese Hinweise zu lesen und sicherzustellen, dass Sie sie vollständig 					verstehen und akzeptieren. Wenn Sie mit diesen Hinweisen nicht einverstanden sind, stellen Sie bitte die Nutzung 					unserer Dienste ein und vermeiden Sie deren Nutzung in der Zukunft. Sie haben das Recht, die Nutzung unserer 					Dienste gemäß dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie jederzeit einzustellen.
Moon Active ist ein „Datenverantwortlicher“. Das bedeutet, dass wir dafür verantwortlich dafür 				sind, zu entscheiden, wie wir personenbezogene Daten über Sie speichern und verwenden. Wir sind nach bestimmten 				Datenschutzgesetzen verpflichtet, Sie über die Informationen zu informieren, die in dieser 				Datenschutzrichtlinie enthalten sind. Sie sind nicht gesetzlich verpflichtet, uns 				personenbezogene Daten zur Verfügung zu stellen, aber ohne diese werden wir nicht in der Lage sein, Ihnen den 				vollen Umfang und die beste Erfahrung bei der Nutzung unserer Dienste zu bieten (z. B. können Sie unsere Spiele 				auch spielen, ohne Ihr Facebook-Konto damit zu verbinden, aber Sie können deren soziale Funktionen dann nicht 				genießen).

Datenerhebung
Verwendung der Daten
Speicherung und Aufbewahrung
Löschen personenbezogener Daten und Schließen 						von Konten
Datenübermittlung
Kommunikation
Datensicherheit
Cookies und Tracking-Technologien
Nutzung zu Werbezwecken
Rechte der betroffenen Personen – Europäischer Wirtschaftsraum, 						Schweiz und Vereinigtes  Königreich
Datenübertragungen
Altersvoraussetzungen
Änderungen und maßgebliche Version
Wie Sie uns kontaktieren können

1. Datenerhebung
Wir erheben vier Hauptkategorien von Daten (und soweit sie die Identifizierung einer bestimmten Person 				ermöglichen oder mit solchen potenziell identifizierenden Daten verknüpft sind, betrachten wir sie als 				„personenbezogene Daten“):

Automatisch erhobene oder generierte Daten: Wenn jemand unsere Dienste besucht, mit ihnen 					interagiert oder sie nutzt, einschließlich aller E-Mails oder Textnachrichten, die von uns oder über 					unsere Dienste an denjenigen gesendet werden, können wir technische Daten über sie erheben oder 					generieren. Wir erheben oder generieren diese Daten entweder selbstständig oder mit Hilfe von Diensten 					Dritter einschließlich durch den Einsatz von „Cookies“ und anderen Tracking-Technologien (wie 					unten näher beschrieben).Diese Daten bestehen aus Verbindungsdaten, technischen oder aggregierten 					Nutzungsdaten, wie der IP-Adresse, dem In-Game-Identifier, Spielstatistiken, Spieleinstellungen, der sog.
					Unique-Advertising-ID (z. B. IDFA; Sie können diese ID je nach den Anweisungen Ihres Betriebssystems 					zurücksetzen), nicht identifizierenden Daten zu einem Gerät, Betriebssystem, einer Browser- oder 					App-Version, einem Mobilfunkanbieter, zu Länder- und Spracheinstellungen, Benutzeraktivitäten auf 					unseren Diensten zu In-App- oder Spielaktivitäten (etwa Interaktionsdaten zu Spielinhalt/Produkt und 					Werbedaten); diagnostische Daten (z. B. Crash-Daten und Spielperformance-Daten). Wir verwenden diese Daten 					nicht, um die wahre Identität oder die Kontaktdaten einer Person zu erfahren, sondern vor allem, um besser 					zu verstehen, wie unsere Benutzer unsere Dienste typischerweise nutzen und mit ihnen umgehen. Die Verwendung 					solcher technischen und gerätebezogenen Daten hilft uns und unseren Partnern auch, interessenbezogene oder 					anderweitig effektivere Werbung und Inhalte bereitzustellen, unser Anzeigenmanagement und das Bilderlebnis 					unserer Nutzer zu optimieren und die Gesamtleistung und Ihr Nutzererlebnis unserer Dienste zu verbessern.
					Weitere Informationen zu unserer werblichen Nutzung finden Sie in Abschnitt 8.
Von Ihnen erhaltene Daten: Sie können uns freiwillig personenbezogene Daten zur 					Verfügung stellen, z. B. wenn Sie ein Konto bei uns erstellen, uns kontaktieren (über Facebook, 					Messenger, E-Mail. In-Game-Chat oder einen anderen Kanal, einschließlich aller Support-Dienste), wenn Sie 					in unseren öffentlichen Foren oder Gruppen posten, wenn Sie uns Ihre E-Mail-Adresse zur Verfügung 					stellen (z. B. wenn Sie sich für E-Mail-Updates oder Geschenke anmelden), wenn Sie an Wettbewerben, 					Wettkämpfen, Tournieren und anderen Aktionen teilnehmen, Einkäufe in einem unserer Spiele 					tätigen, wenn Sie mit anderen Benutzern über den In-Game-Chat interagieren oder wenn Sie sich dazu 					entscheiden, Ihr Facebook-, Google- oder Apple-Konto oder ein ähnliches Konto mit einem unserer Spiele zu 					verbinden.
Daten, die von Facebook und anderen Kanälen empfangen werden:Sobald Sie die Spiele 					mit Ihrem Facebook-, Google- oder Apple-Konto oder einem ähnlichen Konto verbunden haben, erhalten wir 					Zugang zu Ihrem öffentlichen Profil, einschließlich (soweit Sie es als „öffentlich“ 					definiert haben), sofern zutreffend, Ihres vollständigen Namens, E-Mail-Adresse(n), die Sie Facebook, 					Google oder Apple zur Verfügung gestellt haben), Geschlechts, Profilbilds oder ähnlichen Fotos, 					Standortes, Ihrer Zeitzone und einer Liste Ihrer Freunde, die die Spiele spielen (zusammen mit deren Fotos und 					öffentlichen Profilinformationen). Dies ermöglicht es uns auch, die öffentlichen Profilbilder von 					Ihnen selbst und von Ihren Freunden innerhalb der Spiele zu präsentieren und Ihre In-Game-Freundesliste zu 					erstellen. Darüber hinaus können wir oder unsere Werbepartner von Facebook und unseren anderen 					Marketingkanälen allgemeine Informationen über die Performance unserer Werbekampagnen erhalten, wie z.
					B. die Alterszielgruppe oder die Interessen. Wir oder unsere Partner können diese allgemeinen Daten mit 					allen anderen Daten in unserem Besitz verbinden. Um mehr über unsere Werbepraktiken zu erfahren, lesen Sie 					bitte Abschnitt 8 unten.Wenn Sie über einen Dritten wie Facebook, Google oder Apple auf unsere 					Dienste zugreifen oder unsere Dienste mit einem Konto bei einem Drittanbieter verbinden, sollten Sie auch dessen 					Allgemeine Geschäftsbedingungen und Datenschutzrichtlinie lesen. Wenn Sie sich nicht sicher sind, welche 					Informationen eine Drittanbieter-Anwendung an uns weitergibt, besuchen Sie bitte die Website dieser 					Drittanbieter-Anwendung, um mehr über deren Datenschutzpraktiken zu erfahren.
Transaktionsdaten:  In-Game Käufe werden in der Regel von dem jeweiligen 					Plattformanbieter (z. B. Apple, Google oder Facebook) abgewickelt, und wir werden Ihre Finanzdaten, z. B. Ihre 					Kreditkartennummern oder Ihr Bankkonto, nicht erheben oder speichern. Wir können jedoch Ihre 					nicht-finanziellen personenbezogenen Daten im Zusammenhang mit dem Kauf erhalten, wie z. B. Ihren Namen, Ihre 					Rechnungsadresse, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse und die gekauften Artikel, um Ihren Kauf abzuwickeln und für unsere 					Buchhaltungszwecke.

 2. Verwendung der Daten
Unsere Rechtsgrundlage für die Erhebung und Verwendung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten richtet sich nach dem 				jeweiligen Zweck, für den Ihre Daten verarbeitet werden, jedoch stützen wir uns im Allgemeinen die 				folgenden:

Erfüllung eines Vertrags. Wir werden diese Grundlage für die Verarbeitung nutzen, die 					erforderlich ist, um Ihnen die Spiele, einschließlich des „Social Gaming“, wenn Sie sich 					über Facebook, Google oder Apple anmelden, sowie die Support-Dienste zur Verfügung zu stellen und um 					Ihnen Servicemitteilungen, Geschenke und Belohnungen zuzusenden.
Einwilligung. In begrenzten Fällen (wenn Sie sich für den Erhalt von 					Direktmarketing-E-Mails anmelden, wobei Sie Cookies auf unseren Seiten akzeptieren) werden wir Ihre 					personenbezogenen Daten auf der Grundlage Ihrer Einwilligung verarbeiten. Ihre Einwilligung können Sie 					jederzeit widerrufen, indem Sie uns unter den in Abschnitt 13 genannten Angaben kontaktieren.
Berechtigte Interessen. Wir verarbeiten Ihre personenbezogenen Daten auf der Grundlage unseres 					berechtigten Interesses an der Aufrechterhaltung und Verbesserung unserer Dienste und Angebote, dem 					Verständnis der Nutzung unserer Dienste, der Bereitstellung effektiver Werbung innerhalb unserer Spiele und 					über andere Kanäle der Zuordnung von Nutzern zur Erstellung einer In-Game-Freundeliste, der 					Verbesserung unseres Kundenservice und unserer Supportmaßnahmen, der Erkennung von Betrugsversuchen sowie 					dem Schutz und der Sicherung unserer Nutzer, unserem eigenen Schutz und dem Schutz unserer Dienste.
Erfüllung einer rechtlichen Verpflichtung. In begrenzten Fällen können wir Ihre 					personenbezogenen Daten verarbeiten, weil wir dies tun müssen, um eine rechtliche Verpflichtung zu 					erfüllen, die z. B. in einem anwendbaren Gesetz festgelegt ist, oder wenn wir eine entsprechende Weisung 					eines Gerichts oder einer Regulierungsbehörde erhalten.

Die Zwecke, für die wir personenbezogene Daten verwenden, werden im Folgenden näher beschrieben:

Um unsere Dienstleistungen zu erleichtern, zu betreiben und bereitzustellen;
Um die Identität unserer Spieler zu authentifizieren und ihnen Zugang zu zusätzlichen Funktionen zu 					gewähren;
Um unseren Nutzern Kundenbetreuung, Unterstützung und technischen Support zu bieten;
Um Ihnen die Möglichkeit zu geben, im Spiel mit anderen Spielern zu interagieren;
Um die Dienste und Ihre Benutzererfahrung weiterzuentwickeln, anzupassen und zu verbessern, basierend auf 					allgemeinen oder persönlichen Präferenzen, Erfahrungen und Schwierigkeiten, einschließlich durch 					Personalisierung Ihres Profils und Ihrer Freundesliste;
Um Werbung effektiver zu verwalten und bereitzustellen, einschließlich kontext-, verhaltens- und 					interessenbezogener Werbung, die auf dem Fortschritt und der Aktivität im Spiel basiert, basierend auf 					Ihren Präferenzen oder anderen Daten, die uns oder unseren Dienstanbietern zur Verfügung stehen, 					einschließlich für Re-Targeting-Zwecke;
Um unsere Nutzer (per E-Mail, Facebook, Push-Benachrichtigungen oder auf anderen verfügbaren Kanälen) 					mit allgemeinen oder personalisierten dienstbezogenen Nachrichten (wie Kaufbestätigungen oder 					Systemwartungshinweisen) zu kontaktieren; um unsere Nutzer mit Marketingbotschaften (wie Spiel-Updates, Boni, 					neue Funktionen, VIP-Services usw.) zu kontaktieren; und um bestimmte Veranstaltungen und Werbeaktionen zu 					erleichtern, zu sponsern und anzubieten;
Um unsere Datensicherheitsmaßnahmen zu unterstützen und zu verbessern, einschließlich dem Zweck 					der Vorbeugung und Minderung des Risikos von Betrug, Fehlern oder illegalen oder verbotenen Aktivitäten; 				
Um aggregierte statistische Daten, abgeleitete nicht-personenbezogene Daten oder anonymisierte oder 					pseudonymisierte Daten (die keinen Personenbezug aufweisen) zu erstellen, die wir oder unsere Dienstanbieter 					verwenden können, um unsere jeweiligen Dienstleistungen bereitzustellen und zu verbessern; und
Um die geltenden Gesetze und Vorschriften einzuhalten.

3. Speicherung und Aufbewahrung
Obwohl die Datenschutzgesetze zwischen den Jurisdiktionen variieren können, hat Moon Active angemessene Schritte 				unternommen, um sicherzustellen, dass Ihre personenbezogenen Daten von seinen verbundenen Unternehmen und 				Dienstleistern auf sichere und rechtmäßige Weise und in Übereinstimmung mit den 				branchenüblichen Praktiken behandelt werden, unabhängig von geringeren gesetzlichen Anforderungen, die in 				ihren Jurisdiktionen gelten.
Wir speichern Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, um unsere Beziehung aufrechtzuerhalten und Ihnen unsere Dienste zur 				Verfügung zu stellen. Wir werden Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nur so lange aufbewahren, wie dies für die 				Erfüllung der Zwecke, für die wir sie erhoben haben, notwendig ist. Mit anderen Worten, wir speichern Ihre 				personenbezogenen Daten so lange, wie Sie unser Nutzer bleiben und uns nichts anderes mitgeteilt haben. Wir werden 				angemessene Maßnahmen ergreifen, um Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu löschen, wenn Sie Ihr Konto 				löschen. Wir können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten für rechtliche und buchhalterische Zwecke in 				Übereinstimmung mit unserer Richtlinie zur Datenaufbewahrung speichern (d.h., wie es die für die 				Aufzeichnung und Buchhaltung geltenden Gesetze vorschreiben, und um Nachweise und Beweise für unsere Beziehung 				zu erhalten, falls sich rechtliche Probleme nach der Einstellung Ihrer Nutzung ergeben). Wenn Sie Fragen zu unserer 				Richtlinie zur Datenaufbewahrung haben, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte unter https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/de.
Bitte beachten Sie, dass wir, sofern dies nicht gesetzlich vorgeschrieben ist, nicht verpflichtet sind, Ihre Daten 				für einen bestimmten Zeitraum aufzubewahren. Es steht uns frei, sie aus irgendeinem Grund und jederzeit mit 				oder ohne Vorankündigung endgültig zu löschen.
Unter bestimmten Umständen können wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten anonymisieren, so dass sie nicht mehr 				mit Ihnen in Verbindung gebracht werden können. In diesem Fall können wir diese Informationen ohne weitere 				Mitteilung an Sie verwenden und sie gelten nicht mehr als personenbezogenen Daten im Sinne dieser 				Datenschutzrichtlinie.
4. Löschen personenbezogener Daten und 					Schließen von Konten
Zusätzlich zu allen anderen in dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie festgelegten Rechten (mit Ausnahme der Rechte, die 				im Anhang zum Datenschutz für Bewerber festgelegt sind), können Sie Moon Active jederzeit zur 				Löschung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten anweisen, indem Sie im betreffenden Spiel auf die Schaltfläche 				„Kontolöschung“ zugreifen und die Anweisungen befolgen. Die Auswahl dieser Option führt zur 				Schließung Ihres Kontos und zur Löschung Ihres gesamten Spielverlaufs, Ihrer Kaufinformationen, Ihres 				Social-Media-Logins und anderer Informationen, die bezüglich Ihnen in Verbindung mit dem Spiel stehen. Die 				Löschung ist unwiderruflich. Falls Sie bei mehreren Spielen Konten unterhalten, sollten Sie die 				Schließung jedes einzelnen dieser Konten beantragen.
Nach Erhalt Ihrer Anfrage werden wir dieser umgehend nachkommen, beachten Sie aber bitte, dass wir etwas Zeit 				für die Bearbeitung benötigen. Zudem behalten wir uns das Recht zur Aufbewahrung aller personenbezogenen 				Daten vor, zu deren Aufbewahrung wir nach geltendem Recht verpflichtet sind.
5. Datenübermittlung
Wir können Ihre Daten an bestimmte Dritte weitergeben, einschließlich Strafverfolgungsbehörden, 				unsere Dienstleister und unsere verbundenen Unternehmen. Die Umstände, unter denen wir Daten weitergeben, sind 				im Folgenden zusammengefasst:

Einhaltung von Gesetzen, Verordnungen und behördlichen Anordnungen:  Wir können 					Aufsichts- und Strafverfolgungsbehörden als Reaktion auf eine Vorladung, einen Durchsuchungsbefehl oder 					eine gerichtliche Anordnung (oder eine ähnliche Anweisung) oder in Übereinstimmung mit den geltenden 					Gesetzen und Vorschriften, einschließlich für Zwecke der nationalen Sicherheit, bestimmte 					personenbezogene Daten offen legen oder ihnen Zugriff darauf gewähren. Eine solche Offenlegung oder ein 					solcher Zugriff kann mit oder ohne Benachrichtigung an Sie erfolgen, wenn wir in gutem Glauben davon ausgehen, 					dass wir rechtlich dazu verpflichtet sind, oder dass die Offenlegung im Zusammenhang mit Bemühungen zur 					Untersuchung, Verhinderung oder Ergreifung von Maßnahmen in Bezug auf tatsächliche oder vermutete 					illegale Aktivitäten, Betrug oder anderes Fehlverhalten angemessen ist.
Dienstleister: Wir können ausgewählte Drittunternehmen, Auftragnehmer und 					Einzelpersonen mit der Erbringung von Dienstleistungen beauftragen, die unsere eigenen ergänzen (z. B.
					Hosting-Services, Datenanalysedienste, Marketingagenturen und Werbedienstleistungen und -tools, Daten- und 					Cybersicherheitsdienste, Betrugserkennungs- und -verhinderungsdienste, Zahlungsabwicklungsdienste, 					Kundenbetreuungspartner, externe Moderatoren und Tester, Dienste zur Benutzerbindung, E-Mail-Verteilungs- und 					-Überwachungsdienste, Sitzungsaufzeichnung und unsere Berater für Geschäft, Recht, Finanzen und 					Compliance) (zusammen „Dienstleister“). Diese Dienstleister können je nach 					ihren spezifischen Aufgaben und Zwecken bei der Erleichterung und Ergänzung unserer Dienste Zugriff auf 					Ihre personenbezogenen Daten haben und dürfen diese nur für die  Zwecke verwenden, für die 					wir sie beauftragt haben. Wir können zu legitimen Geschäftszwecken auch anonyme, statistische oder 					zusammengefasste Informationen mit unseren Dienstleistern teilen.
Integrationen von Drittanbietern:  Die Dienste ermöglichen es Ihnen, 					bestimmte Dienste von Drittanbietern zu integrieren, z. B. um Ihr Facebook-, Google- oder Apple-Konto mit einem 					bestimmten Spiel zu verbinden, sich mit Google, Facebook oder Apple einzuloggen oder Einkäufe zu 					tätigen. In diesem Fall sind Sie an die Allgemeinen Geschäftsbedingungen und die Datenschutzrichtlinie 					dieser Drittanbieter (z. B. Apple, Google oder Facebook) gebunden - stellen Sie daher bitte sicher, dass Sie 					diese im Voraus lesen und akzeptieren. Wir erhalten oder speichern Ihre Passwörter für diese Dienste 					Dritter nicht.
Schutz von Rechten und Sicherheit:  Wir können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten mit oder ohne 					Benachrichtigung an Dritte weitergeben, wenn wir in gutem Glauben davon ausgehen, dass dies zum Schutz der 					Rechte, des Eigentums oder der persönlichen Sicherheit von Moon Active, einem unserer Nutzer oder der 					allgemeinen Öffentlichkeit beiträgt.
Tochter- und Beteiligungsunternehmen von Moon Active: Wir können personenbezogene Daten intern 					innerhalb unserer Unternehmensgruppe für die in diesen Datenschutzrichtlinie beschriebenen Zwecke 					weitergeben. Darüber hinaus können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, wenn Moon Active oder eines seiner 					verbundenen Unternehmen einen Kontrollwechsel erfährt (einschließlich durch Fusion, Erwerb oder Kauf 					von im Wesentlichen allen seinen Vermögenswerten), an die an einem solchen Ereignis beteiligten Parteien 					weitergegeben werden. Wenn wir der Meinung sind, dass ein solcher Kontrollwechsel einen wesentlichen Einfluss 					auf Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, die dann bei uns gespeichert sind, haben könnte, werden wir Sie über 					dieses Ereignis und die Wahlmöglichkeiten, die Sie möglicherweise haben, per E-Mail und/oder durch 					einen deutlichen Hinweis in unseren Diensten informieren.

Um Zweifel auszuräumen, kann Moon Active Ihre personenbezogenen Daten auf zusätzliche Weise weitergeben 				– mit Ihrer ausdrücklichen Zustimmung, oder wenn wir gesetzlich dazu verpflichtet sind, oder wenn wir 				diese Daten erfolgreich den Personenbezug genommen bzw. sie anonymisiert haben. Wir können 				nicht-personenbezogene Daten nach eigenem Ermessen und ohne weitere Genehmigung übermitteln, weitergeben oder 				anderweitig verwenden.
6. Kommunikation

Servicekommunikation: Wir können Sie mit wichtigen Informationen zu unseren Diensten kontaktieren.
					So können wir Sie beispielsweise (über alle uns zur Verfügung stehenden Mittel) über 					Änderungen oder Aktualisierungen unserer Dienste, Abrechnungsprobleme usw. informieren. Es ist Ihnen nicht 					möglich, sich von solcher Servicekommunikation abzumelden.
Werbliche Kommunikation: Wenn Sie sich dafür angemeldet haben, solche Mitteilungen von uns zu 					erhalten, können wir Sie auch über neue Dienstleistungen, Veranstaltungen und besondere 					Möglichkeiten oder andere Informationen benachrichtigen, von denen wir glauben, dass sie für Sie 					interessant sind. Wir können solche Mitteilungen über alle uns zur Verfügung stehenden 					Kontaktmittel (z. B. Telefon, Handy oder E-Mail), über die Dienste oder über unsere Marketingkampagnen 					auf anderen Websites oder Plattformen bereitstellen.

Sie haben das Recht, Ihre Einwilligung zum Erhalt solcher Werbemitteilungen jederzeit zu widerrufen. Sie können 				dies tun, indem Sie uns unter https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/de  				kontaktieren oder die Anweisungen „Abmelden“, „Stoppen“ oder „E-Mail-Einstellungen 				ändern“ in den erhaltenen Werbemitteilungen befolgen.
7. Datensicherheit
Um Ihre bei uns und unseren Dienstleistern gespeicherten personenbezogenen Daten zu schützen, verwenden wir 				angemessene physische, verfahrenstechnische und elektronische Sicherheitsmaßnahmen, einschließlich 				Verschlüsselung, wo dies als angemessen erachtet wird. Bitte beachten Sie jedoch, dass wir unabhängig von 				den verwendeten Sicherheitsmaßnahmen den absoluten Schutz und die Sicherheit der bei uns oder bei den 				Drittanbietern gespeicherten personenbezogenen Daten nicht garantieren können und garantieren. Sollten Sie 				Sicherheitsprobleme oder Schwachstellen im Zusammenhang mit den Diensten entdecken, senden Sie bitte eine E-Mail an:
				info@moonactive.com.
8. Cookies und Tracking-Technologien
Unsere Dienste und einige unserer Dienstleister verwenden „Cookies“, anonyme Identifier und andere 				Tracking-Technologien (insgesamt „Tracking-Technologien“), die uns helfen, unsere 				Dienste bereitzustellen und zu verbessern, Ihre Erfahrungen zu personalisieren und die Leistung unserer 				Aktivitäten und Kampagnen sowie die Nutzung unserer Apps, Spiele und Dienste insgesamt zu überwachen. Um 				mehr über Cookies zu erfahren, lesen Sie bitte unsere Cookie-Richtlinie
9. Nutzung zu Werbezwecken
Unsere Spiele beinhalten Werbung für Dienstleistungen und Produkte von Dritten. Wir und unsere Werbepartner 				verwenden bestimmte Daten über Sie, um unsere Werbemaßnahmen zu verbessern und die von uns 				bereitgestellten Anzeigen effektiver, relevanter und angenehmer zu gestalten, unter anderem durch den Einsatz 				interessenbezogener Werbung sowie durch Targeting, Anzeigenmessungen und Systemen zur Performance Analyse.
Zu diesen Daten gehören Ihre Geräte-Werbe-Identifier (z. B. IDFA, soweit verfügbar), Daten im 				Zusammenhang mit Ihrem verbundenen Facebook-, Google- oder Apple-Profil (falls vorhanden, wie z. B. Ihr Geschlecht, 				Ihre Region oder Ihr Land), Spielinhalte, Nutzer-In-Game-ID, Produkt-Interaktionsdaten und andere demografische und 				interessenbezogene Informationen, die wir oder unsere Werbepartner möglicherweise von oder über Sie 				basierend auf Ihrer Einwilligung oder einer anderen Rechtsgrundlage erhalten haben (d.h., soweit erforderlich, um 				Ihnen unsere jeweiligen Dienste zur Verfügung zu stellen, oder basierend auf den berechtigten Interessen, die 				wir beschrieben haben).  Die Anzeigen, die wir oder unsere Werbepartner ausliefern, können 				innerhalb unserer Spiele, unserer Dienste oder über andere Kanäle, wie z. B. Websites und Anwendungen von 				Dritten, angezeigt werden.
Diese Datenschutzrichtlinie gilt nicht für die Vorgehensweisen von Unternehmen, deren Inhaber wir nicht sind 				oder die wir nicht kontrollieren, oder von Mitarbeitern oder Dienstleistern, die wir nicht verwalten. Alle 				Informationen, die Sie an Websites, Anwendungen oder Dienste weitergeben, die über unsere Dienste beworben 				werden, unterliegen den dort geltenden Datenschutzrichtlinien. Bitte lesen Sie die Datenschutzrichtlinien von 				Anwendungen, Diensten und Websites Dritter, die Sie besuchen, oder denen Sie die Erlaubnis zum Zugriff auf Ihre 				Daten geben. Es liegt in der Verantwortung dieser Dritten, alle Informationen, die Sie ihnen geben, zu 				schützen, so dass wir nicht für die Verwendung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten durch diese Dritten haftbar 				gemacht werden können. Um mehr zu erfahren, besuchen Sie bitte unsere Cookie-Richtlinie.

So passen Sie Ihre Präferenzen hinsichtlich interessenbezogener Werbung anWenn Sie die Verwendung der 					Werbe-ID Ihres Geräts oder anderer Identifikatoren für interessenbezogene Werbung verhindern 					möchten, können Sie Ihre Geräteeinstellungen ändern, um diese Werbe-ID zurückzusetzen 					oder sich von dieser Werbung abmelden (Opt-Out) (normalerweise ist dies im Abschnitt „Datenschutz“ 					oder „Anzeigen“ in Ihren Geräteeinstellungen verfügbar). Wenn Sie in den USA, Kanada oder 					Europa leben, können Sie sich auch gegen die Erhebung Ihrer Daten durch unsere Werbepartner, die Mitglied 					der Digital Advertising Alliance sind, entscheiden, indem Sie www.aboutads.info/choices (für US-Nutzer), 					www.youradchoices.ca/choices (für kanadische Nutzer), www.youronlinechoices.eu (für EU-Nutzer).Bitte 					beachten Sie, dass Sie, wenn Sie Ihre Werbe-ID zurücksetzen oder die interessenbasierte Werbung 					deaktivieren, möglicherweise weiterhin Werbung in unseren Spielen oder auf anderen Kanälen sehen.
					Diese Werbung wird dann aber nicht auf der Grundlage der oben genannten Identifizierungsmerkmale ausgespielt.
					Beispielsweise können solche Anzeigen stattdessen auf dem Kontext basieren, wie z. B. Ihrem Fortschritt und 					Ihren Aktionen in den Spielen oder Ihren Sprachpräferenzen. Bitte beachten Sie, dass dies zu einem weniger 					angenehmen Benutzungserlebnis führen kann.
Aggregierte und analytische InformationenWir verwenden die Standardanalysetools von Google Analytics und 					können von Zeit zu Zeit zusätzliche oder andere Analysetools verwenden. Die Datenschutzpraktiken 					dieser Tools unterliegen ihren eigenen Datenschutzrichtlinien. Um mehr zu erfahren, lesen Sie bitte unsere 					Cookie-Richtlinie.
Google-Produkte.Google verwendet Technologien wie Cookies, um die Nutzung unserer Website zu verfolgen und 					zu analysieren, und/oder ein SDK zur Schaltung von Anzeigen in unseren Spielen. Um mehr darüber zu 					erfahren, wie Google Daten verarbeitet, empfehlen wir Ihnen, die Richtlinien von Google zu lesen unter:
					https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites. Weitere Informationen finden Sie im Opt-Out-Web-Tool von 					Google Analytics unter: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. Weitere Informationen zu den Daten, die Google 					SDK verarbeitet und speichert, finden Sie unter: https://support.google.com/admob/answer/7665968

10. Rechte der betroffenen Personen – 					Europäischer Wirtschaftsraum, Schweiz und Vereinigtes Königreich
Wenn Sie im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums, der Schweiz oder im Vereinigten Königreichs ansässig sind 				und wir personenbezogene Daten über Sie verarbeiten, haben Sie die folgenden Rechte:

Beantragung von Zugriff auf Ihre personenbezogenen Daten (allgemein bekannt als 					„Betroffenenantrag auf Zugriff auf personenbezogene Daten"). Hiermit können Sie eine Kopie der 					personenbezogenen Daten erhalten, die wir über Sie gespeichert haben, und überprüfen, ob wir 					diese rechtmäßig verarbeiten.
Beantragung einer Berichtigung der personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über Sie gespeichert 					haben. Hiermit können Sie unvollständige oder nicht zutreffende Daten, die wir über Sie 					gespeichert haben, korrigieren lassen.
Beantragung einer Löschung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten. Hiermit können Sie uns 					auffordern, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu löschen oder zu entfernen, wenn es keinen triftigen Grund 					für eine weitere Verarbeitung gibt. Sie haben auch das Recht, uns zum Löschen oder Entfernen Ihrer 					personenbezogenen Daten aufzufordern, wenn Sie von Ihrem Recht, der Verarbeitung zu widersprechen, Gebrauch 					gemacht haben (siehe unten).
Widerspruch der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten, wenn wir uns auf ein berechtigtes 					Interesse (oder das eines Dritten) berufen und Sie begründet durch Ihre besondere Situation der 					Verarbeitung aus diesem Grund widersprechen. Zudem haben Sie das Recht, Widerspruch einzulegen, wenn wir Ihre 					personenbezogenen Daten für Direktmarketingzwecke verarbeiten.
Beantragung der Einschränkung der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten. Hiermit 					können Sie uns auffordern, die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zeitweise auszusetzen, 					beispielsweise wenn Sie eine Überprüfung Richtigkeit der Daten oder des Grundes für deren 					Verarbeitung möchten.
Beantragung der Übermittlung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten an eine andere Partei.
In der Regel gebührenfrei.Sie müssen keine Gebühr zahlen, um auf Ihre 					personenbezogenen Daten zuzugreifen (oder eines der anderen Rechte auszuüben). Wir können jedoch eine 					angemessene Gebühr erheben, falls Ihr Antrag auf Zugriff eindeutig unbegründet oder überzogen 					ist. Alternativ dazu können wir unter solchen Umständen die Beantwortung der Anfrage verweigern.
Was wir möglicherweise von Ihnen benötigen.Eventuell benötigen wir 					bestimmte Informationen von Ihnen, um Ihre Identität zu bestätigen und Ihr Recht auf Zugriff auf die 					Informationen (oder die Ausübung Ihrer anderen Rechte) zu gewährleisten. Dies ist eine weitere 					angemessene Sicherheitsmaßnahme, mit der wir sicherstellen, dass personenbezogene Daten nicht an Personen 					weitergegeben werden, die kein Recht haben, diese zu erhalten.
Recht auf Widerruf der Einwilligung.In den begrenzten Fällen, in denen Sie Ihre 					Einwilligung zur Erhebung, Verarbeitung und Übermittlung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten für einen 					bestimmten Zweck erteilt haben, haben Sie das Recht, Ihre Einwilligung für diese konkrete Verarbeitung 					jederzeit zu widerrufen. Um Ihre Einwilligung zu widerrufen, wenden Sie sich bitte an info@moonactive.com.
					Sobald wir die Mitteilung erhalten haben, dass Sie Ihre Einwilligung widerrufen haben, werden wir Ihre Daten 					nicht mehr für den Zweck oder die Zwecke verarbeiten, denen Sie ursprünglich zugestimmt haben, sofern 					wir keine andere rechtmäßige Grundlage dafür haben.

Wenn Sie Ihre Rechte nach geltendem Recht (z. B. gemäß oder der Datenschutzgrundverordnung (DSGVO) oder 				den britischen Datenschutzgesetzen) ausüben möchten, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte hier.
Wenn Sie im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum oder dem Vereinigten Königreich wohnen, können Sie sich auch 				an unseren Vertreter für den Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum oder das Vereinigte Königreich unter 				dpr@moonactive.com wenden.
Wenn Sie die Informationen, die wir über Sie von einer Drittanbieter-Anwendung oder -Plattform (wie Facebook, 				Apple oder Google), auf der Sie unsere Spiele spielen, erhalten, verwalten möchten, folgen Sie bitte den 				Anweisungen der Drittanbieter-Anwendung zur Aktualisierung Ihrer Informationen und zur Änderung Ihrer 				Privatsphäre-Einstellungen.
Sie haben das Recht, Beschwerden bei einer Datenschutzbehörde einzureichen. Wenn Sie Ihren Wohnsitz im 				Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum haben, finden Sie Einzelheiten zu Ihren nationalen Aufsichtsbehörden 				unter: https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_de.
				Wenn Sie Ihren Wohnsitz im Vereinigten Königreich haben, können Sie das Information Commissioner’s 				Office unter. https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/ kontaktieren.
11. Datenübertragungen
Ihre personenbezogenen Daten können von Moon Active sowie unseren autorisierten Tochtergesellschaften und 				Dienstanbietern in und aus den Vereinigten Staaten und anderen Gerichtsbarkeiten verwaltet, verarbeitet, abgerufen 				und gespeichert werden, soweit dies für die ordnungsgemäße Erbringung unserer Dienste notwendig ist 				oder soweit dies gesetzlich erforderlich ist. Moon Active hat seinen Firmensitz in einer Gerichtsbarkeit, die nach 				Auffassung der Behörden des Vereinigten Königreichs, der Schweiz und der Europäischen Kommission ein 				angemessenes Schutzniveau für die personenbezogenen Daten von Einwohnern des EWR und des Vereinigten 				Königreichs bietet.
Wir können personenbezogene Daten, welche wir über Sie erheben, außerhalb des EWR, der Schweiz oder 				des Vereinigten Königreichs übermitteln, um unseren Vertrag mit Ihnen zu erfüllen. Zur 				Sicherstellung, dass Ihre personenbezogenen Daten ein angemessenes Schutzniveau erhalten, haben wir die folgenden 				Maßnahmen umgesetzt, um zu gewährleisten, dass Ihre personenbezogenen Daten von diesen Dritten in einer 				Weise behandelt werden, die mit den Datenschutzgesetzen der EU und des Vereinigten Königreichs vereinbar ist 				und diese einhält: Standardvertragsklauseln und Länder, die Gegenstand einer 				EU-Angemessenheitsentscheidung sind. Wenn Sie weitere Informationen zu diesen Schutzmaßnahmen benötigen, 				können Sie uns unter den in Abschnitt 13 genannten Kontaktdaten kontaktieren.
12. Altersvoraussetzungen  Die folgenden Spiele 				sind für Personen ab sechzehn (16) Jahren verfügbar: „My Café: Recipes and 				Stories“, „Toy Defense“, „Toy Defense 2“, „Toy Defense: Fantasy“, 				„Fish Now.io“, „Kitchen Stars“, „Family Island“, „My Pizza 				Restaurant“, „Zen Match“, „Travel Town“.
Alle anderen Spiele und Dienstleistungen sind nur für Personen verfügbar, die mindestens achtzehn (18) 				Jahre oder volljährig gemäß geltendem Recht sind.
Wir behalten uns das Recht vor, jederzeit einen Nachweis für die Volljährigkeit oder eine elterliche 				Zustimmung zu fordern. Wir können Benutzer blockieren, wenn wir vermuten, dass sie minderjährig 				sind. Wir erheben nicht wissentlich oder willentlich personenbezogene Daten von Minderjährigen. Wenn wir 				erfahren, dass ein Minderjähriger die Dienste nutzt oder eines unserer Spiele spielt, können wir eine 				solche Nutzung verbieten, blockieren und alle Anstrengungen unternehmen, um die bei uns gespeicherten 				personenbezogenen Daten über diesen Nutzer unverzüglich zu löschen.
Wenn Sie glauben, dass wir solche Daten haben könnten, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte unter https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/de. 
13. Änderungen und 					maßgebliche Version  Wir können diese Hinweise von Zeit zu Zeit ändern, 				indem wir eine geänderte Version auf unseren Diensten veröffentlichen. Die geänderte Fassung tritt 				zum Zeitpunkt des veröffentlichten Stichtags Kraft. Wir werden Sie im Voraus über eines der uns zur 				Verfügung stehenden Kommunikationsmittel oder über die Dienste informieren, wenn es sich um wesentliche 				Änderungen handelt. Nach Ablauf dieser Frist gelten alle Änderungen als von Ihnen akzeptiert. Wenn Sie 				nicht damit einverstanden sind, an die Bedingungen der neuen oder geänderten Datenschutzrichtlinie gebunden zu 				sein, müssen Sie die Nutzung der Dienste einstellen.
Die Datenschutzrichtlinie wurden in englischer Sprache verfasst, welche die ursprüngliche und maßgebliche 				Version dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie ist. Alle Übersetzungen dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie in andere Sprachen 				dienen ausschließlich der Information und haben keinen Einfluss auf die Bedeutung oder Anwendung dieser 				Datenschutzrichtlinie. Im Falle von Abweichungen zwischen den Bedeutungen der übersetzten Versionen der 				Datenschutzrichtlinie und der englischen Sprachversion ist die Bedeutung der englischen Sprachversion 				maßgebend.   14. Wie Sie uns kontaktieren 					können  Wenn Sie Kommentare oder Fragen zu dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie haben oder 				wenn Sie Bedenken bezüglich Ihrer Privatsphäre haben oder sich an den Datenschutz-Manager von Moon Active 				wenden möchten, verwenden Sie bitte den Link hier.  Wenn Sie in der EU oder im Vereinigten 				Königreich ansässig sind, können Sie auch unseren für die EU oder das Vereinigte Königreich 				zuständigen Vertreter unter dpr@moonactive.com kontaktieren.
 
ANHANG A  
Anhang zum Datenschutz für Bewerber
 Moon Active verpflichtet sich, die Privatsphäre und die Sicherheit Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu 				schützen. Dieser Anhang zum Datenschutz für Bewerber beschreibt, wie wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten im 				Vorfeld Ihres Arbeitsverhältnisses mit uns in Übereinstimmung mit den geltenden Datenschutzgesetzen 				erheben und verwenden. Er gilt für alle Bewerber um Stellen als Angestellter, Arbeiter oder Auftragnehmer.
Dieser Anhang zum Datenschutz für Bewerber gilt für Bewerber, die sich bei Moon Active als Angestellte oder 				Auftragnehmer bewerben. Dieser Anhang zum Datenschutz für Bewerber ist nicht Bestandteil eines Arbeitsvertrags 				oder eines anderen Vertrags zur Erbringung von Dienstleistungen. Wir können diese Mitteilung jederzeit 				aktualisieren.
Es ist wichtig, dass Sie diesen Anhang zum Datenschutz für Bewerber zusammen mit unserer Datenschutzrichtlinie 				und sämtlichen anderen Datenschutzhinweisen lesen, die wir Ihnen bei bestimmten Gelegenheiten verfügbar 				machen, wenn wir personenbezogene Daten über Sie erheben oder verarbeiten, damit Sie wissen, wie und warum wir 				diese Informationen nutzen und welche Rechte Sie gemäß den geltenden Datenschutzgesetzen haben.
A. Datenschutz-Grundsätze:
Wir halten die Datenschutzgesetze ein, die vorschreiben, dass für die personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über 				Sie speichern, Folgendes gelten muss:

Rechtmäßige, gerechte und transparente Nutzung;
Erhebung nur für gültige Zwecke, die wir Ihnen eindeutig erläutert haben, und Verwendung nicht in 					einer Weise, die mit diesen Zwecken unvereinbar ist;
Relevant für die Zwecke, die wir Ihnen genannt haben haben, und ausschließlich auf diese Zwecke 					beschränkt;
Korrekt und aktuell gehalten;
Aufbewahrung nur so lange, wie es für die Zwecke, die wir Ihnen genannt haben, erforderlich ist; und
Sichere Aufbewahrung

B. Die Art von Informationen, die wir über Sie speichern:
Personenbezogene Daten sind alle Informationen über eine Person, anhand derer diese Person identifiziert werden 				kann. Dies schließt keine Daten mit ein, bei denen die Identität entfernt wurde (anonyme Daten). Es gibt 				„besondere Kategorien“ sensiblerer personenbezogener Daten, welche ein höheres Schutzniveau 				erfordern, wie z. B. Informationen über die Gesundheit oder die sexuelle Orientierung einer Person.
Wir können die folgenden Kategorien personenbezogener Daten über Sie erheben, speichern und verwenden:

Persönliche Kontaktinformationen wie Name, Titel, Adressen, Telefonnummern und persönliche 					E-Mail-Adressen.
Geburtsdatum
Geschlecht
Nächste Angehörige und Notfallkontaktdaten.
Ort der Beschäftigung oder des Arbeitsplatzes.
Informationen zur Einstellung (einschließlich Kopien von Dokumenten zur Arbeitsberechtigung, Referenzen 					und weitere Informationen, die in einem Lebenslauf oder Anschreiben oder im Rahmen des Bewerbungsverfahrens 					enthalten sind).
Beschäftigungsnachweise (einschließlich Berufsbezeichnungen, Arbeitsgeschichte, Arbeitszeiten, 					Urlaub, Schulungsnachweise und Mitgliedschaften in Berufsverbänden).
Gehaltsentwicklung
Informationen zur Leistung.
Informationen über Disziplinarmaßnahmen und Beschwerden.
Videoaufzeichnungen und andere Informationen, die während des Vorstellungsgesprächs auf elektronischem 					Wege gewonnen wurden, z. B. Aufzeichnungen von Magnetkarten, falls zutreffend.
Fotografien
Im Vereinigten Königreich: Ergebnisse der Überprüfung des Beschäftigungsstatus durch die 					britische Steuerbehörde (HMRC), Details über Ihr Interesse an und Ihre Verbindung zu dem Vermittler, 					über welchen Ihre Dienste bereitgestellt werden.

C. Wie werden Ihre personenbezogenen Daten erhoben? 
Wir erheben personenbezogene Daten über Bewerber im Rahmen des Bewerbungs- und Einstellungsverfahrens, entweder 				direkt von den Bewerbern oder manchmal von einer Arbeitsagentur. Gelegentlich erheben wir zusätzliche 				Informationen von Dritten, einschließlich ehemaliger Arbeitgeber.
D. Wie wir Informationen über Sie verwenden werden:
Wir werden Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nur dann verwenden, wenn dies gesetzlich erlaubt ist und wenn wir einen 				rechtmäßigen Grund dafür haben. In der Regel stützen wir uns bei der Verarbeitung Ihrer 				personenbezogenen Daten auf die folgenden rechtmäßigen Gründe:

Wenn wir Ihre Einwilligung dazu haben („Einwilligung“).
Wenn wir den Vertrag, den wir mit Ihnen geschlossen haben, erfüllen oder Schritte unternehmen zur 					Schließung eines Vertrags mit Ihnen ergreifen müssen („Vertrag“).
Wenn wir eine gesetzliche Verpflichtung erfüllen müssen („Gesetzliche 						Verpflichtung“).
Wenn dies für unsere berechtigten Interessen (oder die eines Dritten) erforderlich ist und Ihre Interessen 					und Grundrechte diese Interessen nicht überwiegen („Berechtigte Interessen").

Wenn Sie uns bestimmte Informationen nicht zur Verfügung stellen, sind wir möglicherweise nicht in der 				Lage, Ihre Eignung für eine offene Stelle zu beurteilen, oder wir nicht imstande, unsere rechtlichen 				Verpflichtungen zu erfüllen.
Wir werden Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nur für die Zwecke verwenden, für welche wir sie erhoben haben, 				sofern wir nicht der Ansicht sind, dass wir sie für einen anderen Zweck verwenden müssen und dieser Grund 				mit dem ursprünglichen Zweck vereinbar ist. Wenn wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten für einen anderen Zweck 				verwenden müssen, werden wir Sie benachrichtigen und Ihnen die Rechtsgrundlage erläutern, die uns dies 				erlaubt.
Bitte beachten Sie, dass wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten ohne Ihr Wissen oder Ihre Einwilligung in 				Übereinstimmung mit den oben erläuterten Regeln verarbeiten können, sofern dies gesetzlich 				vorgeschrieben oder erlaubt ist.
Es ist wichtig, dass die personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über Sie gespeichert haben, korrekt und aktuell sind.
				Bitte informieren Sie uns während des Bewerbungsprozesses über Änderungen Ihrer personenbezogenen 				Daten.
E. Weitergabe von Daten:
Es ist möglich, dass wir Ihre Daten an Dritte weitergeben müssen, einschließlich an Drittanbieter von 				Dienstleistungen und andere Unternehmen von Moon Active.
Wir verlangen von Dritten, dass sie die Sicherheit Ihrer Daten respektieren und sie in Übereinstimmung mit dem 				Gesetz behandeln. Eventuell übertragen wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten in Länder außerhalb der EU, 				wobei wir sicherstellen werden, dass Ihre personenbezogenen Daten angemessen geschützt sind. Weitere 				Informationen hierzu finden Sie in Abschnitt 10 unserer Datenschutzrichtlinie. 
 

Warum können Sie meine personenbezogenen Daten an Dritte weitergeben?Wir werden Ihre 					personenbezogenen Daten an Dritte weitergeben, wenn dies gesetzlich vorgeschrieben ist, wenn es für die 					Verwaltung des Arbeitsverhältnisses mit Ihnen erforderlich ist oder wenn wir ein anderes berechtigtes 					Interesse daran haben.
Welche Drittdienstleister verarbeiten meine personenbezogenen Daten?„Dritte“ umfasst 					dritte Dienstleister (einschließlich Auftragnehmer und benannte Vertreter). Die folgenden Dienstleister 					verarbeiten personenbezogene Daten über Sie zu den folgenden Zwecken:
					
Comeet – Rekrutierung


Wie sicher sind meine Daten bei Dienstleistern und anderen Unternehmen unserer Gruppe?Alle unsere 					Dienstleister sind verpflichtet, angemessene Sicherheitsmaßnahmen zu ergreifen, um Ihre personenbezogenen 					Daten gemäß unseren Richtlinien zu schützen. Wir erlauben unseren Dienstleistern nicht, Ihre 					personenbezogenen Daten für ihre eigenen Zwecke zu verwenden. Wir erlauben ihnen, Ihre personenbezogenen 					Daten nur für festgelegte Zwecke und gemäß unseren Anweisungen zu verarbeiten.
Was ist mit anderen Dritten?Es ist möglich, dass wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an eine 					Aufsichtsbehörde weitergeben müssen oder um anderweitig das Gesetz einzuhalten.

 F. Rechte auf Zugriff, Berichtigung, Löschung und Einschränkung 
 Wenn Sie im EWR oder im Vereinigten Königreich ansässig sind, haben Sie unter bestimmten 				Umständen das Recht auf die in Abschnitt 9 unserer Datenschutzrichtlinie beschriebenen Betroffenenrechte. Wenn 				Sie Ihre personenbezogenen Daten einsehen, überprüfen, berichtigen oder löschen lassen möchten, 				der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten widersprechen möchten oder von uns die Übermittlung einer 				Kopie Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten an eine andere Partei verlangen, lesen Sie bitte Abschnitt 9 dieser 				Datenschutzrichtlinie.
G. Datenaufbewahrung
 Wir werden Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nur so lange aufbewahren, wie dies für die Erfüllung der 				Zwecke, für die wir sie erhoben haben, erforderlich ist, einschließlich der Erfüllung von 				rechtlichen, buchhalterischen oder Berichtspflichten gemäß den geltenden Gesetzen und Vorschriften. Zur 				Bestimmung des angemessenen Aufbewahrungszeitraum für personenbezogene Daten, berücksichtigen wir die 				Menge, die Art und die Sensibilität der personenbezogenen Daten, das potenzielle Risiko eines Schadens durch 				die unbefugte Nutzung oder Offenlegung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten, die Zwecke, für welche wir Ihre 				personenbezogenen Daten verarbeiten, ob wir diese Zwecke auf andere Weise erreichen können, und die geltenden 				gesetzlichen Bestimmungen. Sobald wir die Bewerberdaten nicht mehr benötigen, werden wir Ihre personenbezogenen 				Daten gemäß den geltenden Gesetzen und Vorschriften aufbewahren und auf sichere Weise vernichten.
 H. Kontaktieren Sie uns 
Bei Fragen oder Bedenken können Sie uns über die Kontaktdaten kontaktieren, die in Abschnitt 14 unserer 				Datenschutzrichtlinie angegeben sind.
 




Moon Active – Política de privacidad
Última modificación: junio de 2023
Introducción
Moon Active Ltd. y sus y sus filiales y empresas asociadas (colectivamente, «Moon 					Active», «nosotros», «nuestro» o 				«nos») desarrolla, publica y explota juegos sociales para entornos web y móviles 				(los «Juegos»), así como aplicaciones web y móviles (cada una de ellas, 				una «Aplicación») para jugar a nuestros Juegos en múltiples dispositivos 				y plataformas (por ejemplo, dispositivos móviles y Facebook).
También gestionamos los sitios web www.moonactive.com, 				www.melsoft-games.com, sus subdominios y funcionalidades relacionadas así como una tienda en línea 				(colectivamente, los «Sitios Web», y junto con los Juegos y la Aplicación, 				colectivamente, los «Servicios»).
Moon Active respeta su privacidad y se compromete a que nuestras prácticas en relación con sus datos 				sean más transparentes y leales. Esta Política de Privacidad describe cómo recogemos, 				conservamos, utilizamos y compartimos sus datos personales, y se aplica cada vez que visita usted nuestros Sitios 				Web, instala nuestra Aplicación y juega a nuestros Juegos, interactúa con nosotros o accede o utiliza 				de otro modo cualquiera de nuestros Servicios.
Le recomendamos encarecidamente que lea esta Política de Privacidad y se asegure de que la comprende 					plenamente y la acepta. Si no acepta usted esta Política de Privacidad, no siga accediendo y evite 					utilizar nuestros Servicios. Con arreglo a lo dispuesto en esta Política de Privacidad, tiene usted 					derecho a dejar de utilizar nuestros Servicios, en cualquier momento.
Moon Active es un «controlador de datos». Es decir, somos responsables de decidir cómo conservamos 				y utilizamos sus datos personales. Estamos obligados, en virtud de determinadas leyes de protección de datos, 				a notificarle la información contenida en esta Política de Privacidad. No está usted sujeto a 				ninguna obligación legal de facilitarnos ningún Dato Personal, pero si no disponemos de los Datos no 				podremos ofrecerle la gama completa ni la mejor experiencia de uso de nuestros Servicios (por ejemplo, podrá 				jugar a nuestros Juegos sin conectar su cuenta de Facebook, pero no podrá disfrutar de sus funcionalidades 				sociales).

Recogida de Datos
Usos que se dan a los Datos
Almacenamiento y conservación
Eliminación de Datos Personales y cierre de 						cuentas
Intercambio de Datos
Comunicaciones
Seguridad de los Datos
Cookies y tecnologías de rastreo
Publicidad
Derechos de los interesados (Espacio Económico Europeo, Suiza y Reino Unido)
Transferencias de Datos
Menores de edad
Actualizaciones y versión de control
Contacto

1. Recogida de Datos
Recogemos cuatro categorías principales de datos (y, en la medida en que permitan la identificación de 				una persona en concreto, o estén vinculados a dichos datos de identificación potenciales, 				consideraremos que se trata de «Datos Personales»):

Datos recogidos o generados automáticamente: Cuando alguien visita, 					interactúa con o utiliza nuestros Servicios, incluido un correo electrónico o mensaje de texto que 					le enviemos o a través de nuestros Servicios, podemos recoger o generar datos técnicos sobre dicha 					persona. Recogemos o generamos dichos datos de manera independiente o con la ayuda de servicios de terceros, 					incluso mediante el uso de «cookies» y otras tecnologías de rastreo (según se expone 					con mayor detalle a continuación).Estos datos consisten en datos de conectividad, datos de uso 					técnicos o agregados, por ejemplo, dirección IP, identificador del juego, estadísticas del 					juego, preferencias del juego, identificador publicitario único (por ejemplo, IDFA; puede usted 					restablecer dicho identificador siguiendo las instrucciones del sistema operativo), datos no identificativos 					relativos a un dispositivo, sistema operativo, versión del navegador o de la Aplicación, operador 					móvil, configuración regional y de idiomas, actividad del usuario en nuestros Servicios y eventos 					dentro de la Aplicación o actividades del Juego (ej. datos de crash y datos de rendimiento del juego). No 					utilizamos dichos datos para conocer la verdadera identidad o los datos de contacto de una persona, sino, sobre 					todo, para comprender mejor cómo suelen utilizar y relacionarse nuestros usuarios con nuestros Servicios.
					El uso de estos datos técnicos y del dispositivo también nos ayuda, a nosotros y a nuestros 					socios, a ofrecer publicidad y contenidos basados en intereses o más eficaces, a optimizar nuestra 					gestión de la publicidad y la experiencia de visualización de nuestros usuarios), y a mejorar el 					rendimiento general y su experiencia de usuario en relación con nuestros Servicios. Para obtener 					más información sobre los usos publicitarios, consulte el Apartado 8 siguiente.
Datos recibidos de usted:Puede usted facilitarnos Datos Personales de manera voluntaria, 					por ejemplo, cuando crea una cuenta con nosotros (a través de Facebook, Messenger, correo 					electrónico, chat dentro del juego o cualquier otro canal, incluidos servicios de asistencia), cuando 					publica usted en nuestros foros o grupos públicos, cuando nos facilita su dirección de correo 					electrónico (por ejemplo, cuando se registra para recibir actualizaciones por correo electrónico o 					regalos), cuando realizan compras en cualquiera de nuestros Juegos, cuando interactúa con otros usuarios 					mediante el chat dentro del juego 					o cuando opta 					por conectar su cuenta de Facebook o Apple a cualquiera de nuestros Juegos.
Datos recibidos de Facebook y otros canales:Una vez que conecte los Juegos a su cuenta de 					Facebook, Google Apple o cualquier otra similar, tendremos acceso a su perfil público, incluido (en la 					medida en que lo haya definido usted como «público»), como corresponda, su nombre completo, 					dirección(es) de correo electrónico facilitada(s) a Facebook, Google o Apple, sexo, foto de perfil 					o similar, ubicación, zona horaria y una lista de sus amigos que juegan a los Juegos (junto con sus fotos 					y otra información de perfil público). Lo antedicho también nos permitirá presentar 					sus fotos de perfil público y las de sus amigos dentro de los Juegos y para crear su lista de amigos 					dentro del juego. Por otra parte, nosotros o nuestros socios publicitarios podemos recibir de Facebook y de 					nuestros otros canales de marketing información general sobre el rendimiento de nuestras campañas 					publicitarias, como el grupo de edad o los intereses del público objetivo, y nosotros o nuestros socios 					podemos vincular dichos datos generales con cualquier otro dato que tengamos en nuestro poder. Para obtener 					más información sobre nuestras prácticas publicitarias, remítase al Apartado 8 					siguiente. Si accede usted a nuestros Servicios a través de un tercero, por ejemplo, Facebook, Google o 					Apple, o conecta nuestros Servicios a una cuenta de terceros, también debe leer los términos y 					condiciones y las políticas de privacidad de dicho tercero. Si tiene dudas respecto a qué 					información comparte una aplicación de terceros con nosotros, entre el sitio web de esa 					aplicación de terceros para obtener más información sobre sus prácticas de 					privacidad.
Datos de Transacción:Normalmente, las compras realizadas en el Juego serán 					procesadas por el proveedor de la plataforma pertinente (por ejemplo, Apple, Google o Facebook), y no 					recogeremos ni conservaremos sus datos financieros, por ejemplo, sus números de tarjeta de crédito 					o de cuenta bancaria. No obstante, podemos recibir sus Datos Personales no financieros relacionados con la 					compra, como su nombre, dirección de facturación, dirección de correo electrónico y 					los artículos comprados, con el fin dar cumplimiento a su compra y para nuestros fines contables.

2. Usos que se dan a los Datos
Nuestro fundamento jurídico para recoger y utilizar sus Datos Personales dependerá del fin 				específico para el que se traten sus datos; no obstante, por lo general serán los siguientes:

«Cumplimiento de un contrato»: utilizaremos este fundamento para el tratamiento necesario 					para realizar el Juego, incluido el juego social cuando decida usted iniciar sesión en Facebook, Google o 					Apple, y servicios de asistencia disponibles para usted y para enviarle comunicaciones de servicio, regalos y 					premios.
Consentimiento: en casos limitados (cuando decida usted inscribirse para recibir correos 					electrónicos de marketing directo y cuando acepte cookies en nuestros Sitios web) trataremos sus Datos 					Personales sobre la base de su consentimiento. Puede retirar su consentimiento en cualquier momento 					poniéndose en contacto con nosotros utilizando los datos facilitados el Apartado 13.
Intereses legítimos: trataremos sus Datos Personales sobre la base de nuestros intereses 					legítimos en mantener y mejorar nuestros Servicios y ofertas, comprender cómo se utilizan nuestros 					Servicios, ofrecer publicidad eficaz dentro de nuestros Juegos y a través de otros canales, conectar 					usuarios para crear listas de amigos en el luego, mejorar nuestro servicio al cliente y nuestras operaciones de 					asistencia, detección de fraude y garantizar la protección y la seguridad nuestros usuarios, la 					nuestra y la de nuestros Servicios.
Cumplimiento de una obligación legal: en casos limitados, podemos tratar sus Datos Personales 					cuando tengamos que hacerlo para cumplir una obligación legal, por ejemplo, que esté establecida 					en una ley vigente, o si recibimos una orden de un tribunal o de un organismo regulador.

 
Los fines para los que utilizamos Datos Personales se describen con mayor detalle a continuación:

Facilitar, explotar y prestar nuestros Servicios;
Autentificar la identidad de nuestros jugadores y permitirles el acceso a funcionalidades adicionales;
Proporcionar a nuestros usuarios servicios de atención al cliente, soporte y asistencia técnica; 				
Permitirle interactuar con otros jugadores en el juego;
Desarrollar, personalizar y mejorar los Servicios y su experiencia de usuario, sobre la base de preferencias, 					experiencias y dificultades comunes o personales, incluso mediante la personalización de su perfil y su 					lista de amigos;
Gestionar y ofrecer publicidad de manera más eficaz, incluida la publicidad contextual, comportamental y 					basada en intereses sobre la base del progreso y la actividad en los Juegos, en función de sus 					preferencias u otros datos de los que disponemos nosotros o nuestros Proveedores de Servicios, incluido con 					fines de retargeting;
Ponernos en contacto con nuestros usuarios (a través del correo electrónico, Facebook, 					notificaciones push o cualquier otro canal disponible) con mensajes generales o 					personalizados relacionados con el servicio (por ejemplo, confirmaciones de compra o avisos de mantenimiento del 					sistema); ponernos en contacto con nuestros usuarios con mensajes promocionales (por ejemplo, actualizaciones de 					Juegos, bonificaciones, nuevas funcionalidades, servicios VIP, etc.); y facilitar, patrocinar y ofrecer 					determinados eventos y promociones;
Apoyar y mejorar nuestras medidas de seguridad de los datos, incluido con el fin de prevenir y mitigar los 					riesgos de fraude, error o cualquier actividad ilegal o prohibida;
Crear datos estadísticos agregados, datos no personales inferidos o datos anonimizados o seudonimizados 					(que se conviertes en no personales), que nosotros o nuestros Proveedores de Servicios podemos utilizar para 					prestar y mejorar nuestros respectivos servicios; y
Cumplir con las leyes y reglamentos vigentes.

 
3. Almacenamiento y 					conservación
Si bien las leyes de privacidad pueden variar de una jurisdicción a otra, Moon Active aplica medidas 				razonables para garantizar que sus Datos Personales sean tratados por sus empresas asociadas y sus Proveedores de 				Servicios de manera segura y lícita, y con arreglo a prácticas comunes del sector, independientemente 				de cualquier requisito legal menor que pueda aplicarse en su jurisdicción.
 
Conservamos sus Datos Personales para mantener y profundizar en nuestra relación, y para prestarle nuestros 				Servicios. Conservaremos sus Datos Personales solo durante el tiempo necesario para cumplir los fines para los que 				los recogimos. Dicho de otro modo, conservaremos sus Datos Personales mientras siga siendo usuario de nuestros 				Servicios y no nos haya notificado lo contrario. Tomaremos las medidas razonables para suprimir su 				información personal si cancela usted su cuenta. También podremos conservar sus Datos Personales para 				fines legales y contables (es decir, según lo exijan las leyes aplicables a los registros y la contabilidad, 				y para tener pruebas y evidencia respecto de nuestra relación, en caso de que surjan problemas legales 				después de que usted interrumpa el uso), de conformidad con nuestra Política de Conservación de 				Datos. Si tiene alguna pregunta sobre nuestra Política de Conservación de Datos, póngase en 				contacto con nosotros en https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/es.
 
Tenga en cuenta que, salvo que lo exija la legislación vigente, no estamos sujetos a obligación alguna 				de conservar sus datos durante un plazo en particular, y tenemos libertad para suprimirlos de manera segura por 				cualquier motivo y en cualquier momento, con o sin previo aviso.
 
En ciertas circunstancias, podemos hacer que sus Datos Personales sean anónimos, de modo que ya no puedan 				asociarse a usted, en cuyo caso podremos utilizar dicha información sin necesidad de notificárselo a 				usted y ya no se considerarán Datos Personales con arreglo a la presente Política de Privacidad.
 
 4. Eliminación de datos personales y cierre de 					cuentas
 
Junto con cualquier otro derecho previsto en la presente Política de Privacidad (salvo lo establecido en el 				Apéndice sobre la Privacidad del Candidato), usted podrá indicar en cualquier momento a Moon Active 				que elimine sus Datos Personales accediendo al botón «Eliminación de cuenta» en el juego 				correspondiente y siguiendo las instrucciones. La selección de esta opción tendrá como 				resultado el cierre de su cuenta y la eliminación de todo su historial de juego, información de 				compra, inicio de sesión en redes sociales y otra información asociada a usted en relación con 				el Juego. La eliminación es irreversible. Si usted mantiene Cuentas con varios Juegos, debe solicitar el 				cierre de cada una de ellas.
 
Cuando recibamos su solicitud, la atenderemos con prontitud, pero le rogamos que deje transcurrir algún tiempo 				para su tramitación. Asimismo, nos reservamos el derecho a conservar una copia de cualquier dato personal que 				la legislación aplicable nos obligue a retener.
 
 5. Intercambio de datos
Podemos compartir sus datos con determinados terceros, incluidas agencias responsables de velar por el cumplimiento 				de la legalidad, nuestros Proveedores de Servicios y nuestras empresas asociadas. A continuación se resumen 				las principales circunstancias en las que compartimos datos:

Cumplimiento de leyes, órdenes legales y de las autoridades: Podemos comunicar o permitir 					el acceso de funcionarios del gobierno y funcionarios responsables de velar por el cumplimiento de la legalidad 					a determinados Datos Personales, en respuesta a una citación, orden de registro u orden judicial (o 					requisito similar), o en cumplimiento de las leyes y reglamentos vigentes, incluido con fines de seguridad 					nacional. Dicha comunicación o dicho acceso pueden tener lugar con o sin previo aviso a usted, si 					consideramos de buena fe que tenemos la obligación legal de hacerlo, o que la comunicación es 					apropiada en relación con esfuerzos por investigar, prevenir o tomar medidas respecto de una actividad 					ilegal real o presunta, fraude u otra conducta ilícita.
Proveedores de Servicios y socios comerciales: Podemos contratar a empresas, contratistas y 					personas externas seleccionadas para que presten servicios complementarios a los nuestros (por ejemplo, 					servicios de alojamiento, servicios de análisis de datos, agencias de marketing y servicios y 					herramientas de publicidad, servicios de seguridad informática y de datos, servicios de detección 					y prevención de fraude, servicios de tratamiento de pagos, socios de atención al cliente, 					moderadores externos y evaluadores servicios de fidelización de usuarios, servicios de 					distribución y seguimiento de correo electrónico, registro de sesiones y nuestros asesores 					empresariales, jurídicos, financieros y de cumplimiento normativo) (colectivamente, 					«Proveedores de Servicios»). Estos Proveedores de Servicios pueden tener acceso a 					sus Datos Personales, en función de cada una de sus funciones y fines específicos para facilitar y 					complementar nuestros Servicios, y solo pueden tratar sus Datos Personales para los fines para los que les hemos 					dado instrucciones. Asimismo, podemos compartir información anónima, estadística o agregada 					con nuestros proveedores de servicios para fines comerciales legítimos.
Integraciones de terceros:Los Servicios le permiten a usted integrarse con determinados servicios de 					terceros, por ejemplo para conectar su cuenta de Facebook, Google o Apple a un determinado Juego, iniciar 					sesión con Google, Facebook o Apple o para realizar compras, en cuyo caso estará usted sujeto a 					los términos y condiciones y los avisos de privacidad de dichos terceros (por ejemplo, Apple, Google o 					Facebook); por lo tanto, asegúrese de leerlos y aceptarlos previamente. No recibimos ni conservamos sus 					contraseñas correspondientes a estos servicios de terceros.
Protección de derechos y seguridad: Podemos compartir sus Datos Personales con terceros, con o 					sin previo aviso, si consideramos de buena fe que hacerlo contribuirá a proteger los derechos, la 					propiedad o la seguridad personal de Moon Active, cualquiera de nuestros usuarios o de cualquier miembro del 					público en general.
Filiales y Empresas Asociadas de Moon Active: Podemos compartir Datos Personales internamente 					dentro de nuestra familia de empresas, para los fines descritos en esta Política de Privacidad.
					Además, si Moon Active o cualquiera de sus empresas asociadas son objeto de algún cambio de 					control, incluido mediante una fusión, adquisición o compra de prácticamente la totalidad 					de sus activos, sus Datos Personales podrán compartirse con las partes que intervengan en dicha 					operación. Si consideramos que dicho cambio de control podría afectar sustancialmente a sus Datos 					Personales que conservemos en ese momento, le notificaremos esta operación y las opciones que pueda tener 					por correo electrónico o mediante un aviso destacado en nuestros Servicios.

Para evitar dudas, Moon Active puede compartir sus Datos Personales de otras formas, con arreglo a su 				aprobación explícita, o si estamos legalmente obligados a hacerlo, o si hemos convertido dichos datos 				en datos no personales y anónimos. Podemos transferir, compartir o utilizar de otro modo datos no personales 				a nuestro exclusivo criterio y sin necesidad de una aprobación adicional.
6. Comunicaciones

Comunicaciones de Servicio: Podemos ponernos en contacto con usted para ofrecerle información 					importante sobre nuestros Servicios. Por ejemplo, podemos notificarle (a través de cualquiera de los 					medios a nuestra disposición) cambios o actualizaciones en nuestros Servicios, problemas de 					facturación, etc. No podrá usted optar por no recibir dichas comunicaciones de 					servicio.Comunicaciones promocionales: Si se ha inscrito usted para recibir dichas comunicaciones 					de nuestra parte, también podemos informarle sobre nuevos servicios, eventos y oportunidades especiales o 					cualquier otra información que consideremos que puede ser de su interés. Podemos proporcionar 					dichos avisos a través de cualquiera de los medios de contacto a nuestra disposición (por ejemplo, 					teléfono, móvil o correo electrónico), a través de los Servicios o a través 					de nuestras campañas de marketing en cualquier otro sitio web o plataforma.

 
Tiene usted derecho a retirar su consentimiento para recibir dichas comunicaciones promocionales en cualquier 				momento. Puede hacerlo enviándonos un correo electrónico a https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/es o 				siguiendo las instrucciones para «cancelar la suscripción», «suspender» o 				«cambiar las preferencias de correo electrónico» en las comunicaciones promocionales que reciba.
			
7. Seguridad de los datos
Para proteger sus Datos Personales mantenidos con nosotros y con nuestros Proveedores de Servicios, utilizamos 				medidas de seguridad físicas, de procedimiento y electrónicas estándar del sector apropiadas, 				incluido el cifrado cuando se considere apropiado. No obstante, tenga en cuenta que, independientemente de las 				medidas de seguridad utilizadas, no podemos garantizar ni garantizamos la protección y la seguridad absolutas 				de los Datos Personales almacenados con nosotros o con terceros. Si detecta algún problema de seguridad o 				vulnerabilidad relacionado con los Servicios, envíe un correo electrónico a: info@moonactive.com.
8. Cookies y 					tecnologías de rastreo
Nuestros Servicios y algunos de nuestros Proveedores de Servicios utilizan «cookies», identificadores 				anónimos y otras tecnologías de rastreo (colectivamente, «Tecnologías de rastreo») 				que nos ayudan a prestar y mejorar nuestros Servicios, personalizar su experiencia y supervisar el rendimiento de 				nuestras actividades y campañas, así como el uso de nuestras Aplicaciones, Juegos y Servicios en su 				conjunto. Para conocer más, visite nuestra Política de cookies.
9. Publicidad
Nuestros Juegos incluyen publicidad de productos y servicios de terceros. Nosotros y nuestros socios publicitarios 				utilizamos determinados datos sobre usted con el fin de mejorar nuestras prácticas publicitarias y hacer que 				la publicidad que ofrecemos sea más eficaz, pertinente y gratificante, incluido el despliegue de publicidad 				basada en intereses, así como sistemas de targeting y medición y atribución 				de publicidad.
Estos datos incluyen los identificadores publicitarios de su dispositivo (por ejemplo, IDFA, en la medida en que 				esté disponible), datos relacionados con su perfil de Facebook, Google o Apple conectado (en su caso, como su 				sexo, región o país), contenido del juego, identificador del usuario en el juego, datos de 				interacción del producto y otra información demográfica y basada en intereses que nosotros o 				nuestros socios publicitarios hayamos recibido de usted o sobre usted, sobre la base de su consentimiento u otro 				fundamento jurídico (es decir, según sea necesario para prestarle nuestros respectivos servicios, o 				sobre la base de los intereses legítimos que hemos descrito anteriormente).
La publicidad que nosotros o nuestros socios publicitarios ofrecemos puede mostrarse dentro de nuestros Juegos, 				nuestros Servicios o a través de otros canales, como sitios web y aplicaciones de terceros.
Esta Política de Privacidad no se aplica a las prácticas de las empresas que no son de nuestra 				propiedad o que no controlamos o a los empleados o proveedores de servicios que no gestionamos. Cualquier 				información que facilite usted a sitios web, aplicaciones o servicios anunciados a través de nuestros 				Servicios estará sujeta a sus políticas de privacidad aplicables especificadas en dichos sitios web, 				aplicaciones o servicios. Asegúrese de leer las políticas de privacidad de cualquier 				aplicación, servicio o sitio web de terceros que visite o al que dé usted permiso para acceder a su 				información. Es responsabilidad de dichos terceros proteger cualquier información que les facilite 				usted, por lo que no asumimos responsabilidad alguna por el uso que hagan de su información de 				identificación personal. Para conocer más, visite nuestra Política de Cookies.

Cómo ajustar sus preferencias con respecto a la publicidad basada en interesesSi desea 					usted evitar el uso de la identificación publicitaria u otros identificadores de su dispositivo para la 					publicidad basada en intereses, puede usted modificar la configuración de su dispositivo para restablecer 					dicha identificación publicitaria u optar por excluirse de dicha publicidad (por lo general, puede 					hacerse en la sección «Privacidad» o «Publicidad» en la configuración de 					su dispositivo). Si reside usted en los Estados Unidos de América, Canadá o Europa, también 					puede optar por excluirse de la recogida de sus datos por parte de nuestros socios publicitarios que participan 					en la Digital Advertising Alliance, entrando en www.aboutads.info/choices (en el caso de los usuarios 					estadounidenses), www.youronlinechoices.eu (para 					usuarios europeos).Tenga en cuenta que si restablece su identificación de publicidad u opta por 					excluirse de la publicidad basada en intereses, seguirá viendo publicidad en nuestros Juegos o en 					cualquier otro canal, pero dicha publicidad no estará focalizada sobre la base de los identificadores 					antes mencionados. Por ejemplo, dicha publicidad pueden basarse en el contexto, como su progreso y sus acciones 					en los Juegos, o en sus preferencias de idioma. Tenga en cuenta que estas acciones pueden dar lugar a una 					experiencia de usuario menos gratificante.
Información agregada y analíticaUtilizamos herramientas analíticas 					estándar y podemos utilizar otras herramientas de análisis ocasionalmente. Las prácticas de 					privacidad de estas herramientas están sujetas a sus propias políticas de privacidad. Para obtener 					más información sobre las cookies, visite nuestra Política de cookies).
Productos de Google Google utiliza tecnologías como cookies con el fin de rastrear y 					analizar el uso de nuestro Sitio Web o un kit de desarrollo de software (SDK) para ofrecer publicidad dentro de 					nuestros Juegos. Para obtener más información sobre cómo procesa Google los datos, le 					recomendamos que consulte las políticas de Google que están disponibles en:
					https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites. Para obtener más información, consulte la 					herramienta web de autoexclusión de Google Analytics disponible en:
					https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. Para obtener información adicional sobre los datos que el SDK 					de Google procesa y conserva, consulte: https://support.google.com/admob/answer/7665968

Utilizamos información anónima, estadística o agregada y podemos compartirla con nuestros socios 				o proveedores de servicios para fines empresariales legítimos. No tiene ningún efecto en su 				privacidad, ya que no existe una manera razonable de extraer datos de la información agregada que pueda 				asociarse con usted.
10. Derechos de los 					Interesados (Espacio Económico Europeo, Suiza y Reino Unido)
Si usted es residente del Espacio Económico Europeo (EEE), Suiza o Reino Unido (RU) sobre el que tratamos 				datos personales, tiene derecho a:

Solicitar el acceso a sus Datos Personales (comúnmente conocido como "solicitud de 					acceso del interesado"). Ello le permite recibir una copia de los Datos Personales que tenemos sobre usted y 					comprobar que los tratamos de forma lícita.
Solicitar la corrección de los datos personales que tenemos sobre usted. Ello le permite 					corregir cualquier información incompleta o imprecisa que tengamos sobre usted.
Solicitar la eliminación de sus Datos Personales. Ello le permite solicitarnos que 					suprimamos o eliminemos los Datos Personales cuando no haya ninguna razón de peso para que sigamos 					tratándolos. También tiene derecho a pedirnos que borremos o eliminemos sus Datos Personales 					cuando haya ejercido su derecho a oponerse al tratamiento (véase más abajo).
Oponerse al tratamiento de sus Datos Personales cuando nos basemos en un interés 					legítimo (o en los de un tercero) y exista un aspecto de su situación particular que le lleve a 					oponerse al tratamiento por este motivo. También tiene derecho a oponerse cuando tratemos sus datos 					personales con fines de marketing directo.
Solicitar la restricción del tratamiento de sus Datos Personales. Ello 					le permite solicitarnos que suspendamos el tratamiento de sus Datos Personales; por ejemplo, si desea que 					establezcamos su exactitud o el motivo del tratamiento.
Solicitar la transferencia de sus Datos Personales a otra parte.
Normalmente no se exige ninguna cuota.No tendrá que pagar ninguna cuota para acceder a sus Datos 					Personales (o para ejercer cualquiera de los otros derechos). No obstante, podemos cobrar una tarifa razonable 					si su solicitud de acceso está claramente infundada o es excesiva. Por otra parte, podemos negarnos a 					atender la solicitud en tales circunstancias.
Lo que podemos necesitar de usted.Es posible que necesitemos solicitarle información concreta para 					ayudarnos a confirmar su identidad y garantizar su derecho a acceder a la información (o a ejercer 					cualquiera de sus otros derechos). Se trata de otra medida de seguridad adecuada para garantizar que los Datos 					Personales no se revelen a ninguna persona que no tenga derecho a recibirlos.
Derecho a retirar el consentimiento.En las limitadas circunstancias en las que usted haya dado su 					consentimiento para la recogida, el tratamiento y la transferencia de sus Datos Personales para un fin concreto, 					tiene derecho a retirar su consentimiento para ese tratamiento concreto en cualquier momento. Para retirar su 					consentimiento, contacte con info@moonactive.com. Una vez que hayamos recibido la notificación de que 					usted ha retirado su consentimiento, dejaremos de tratar su información para el fin o los fines que usted 					aceptó originalmente, salvo que tengamos otro fundamento legítimo para hacerlo conforme a la ley.
				

Si desea ejercer sus derechos con arreglo a lo dispuesto en la legislación vigente (por ejemplo, las Leyes de 				Proteción de Datos de Reino Unido o el RGPD de la UE), póngase en contacto con nosotros por aquí.
Si reside en el Espacio Económico Europeo o en Reino Unido, también puede comunicarse con nuestro 				representante para el Espacio Económico Europeo o la UE al correo electrónico dpr@moonactive.com.
Si desea administrar la información que recibimos sobre usted de una aplicación o plataforma de 				terceros en la que juegue a nuestros Juegos, como Facebook, Apple o Google, siga las instrucciones de la 				aplicación de terceros para actualizar su información y modificar su configuración de 				privacidad.
Tiene usted derecho a presentar reclamaciones ante una autoridad de control de protección de datos. Los 				residentes del Espacio Económico Europeo pueden consultar los datos de la autoridad de control de su 				país en el siguiente enlace https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en.
				Los residentes del Reino Unido pueden contactar con la Oficina del Comisario de Información a través 				del enlace https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/.
11. Transferencias de Datos
Moon Active y nuestras empresas asociadas autorizadas, nuestros Proveedores de Servicios y nuestros socios 				comerciales pueden mantener, tratar, acceder a y conservar sus Datos Personales en y desde los Estados Unidos de 				América y otras jurisdicciones, según sea necesario para la correcta prestación de nuestros 				Servicios, o según lo exija la ley. Moon Active se encuentra en una jurisdicción que las autoridades 				del Reino Unido, Suiza y la Comisión Europea consideran que ofrece un nivel adecuado de protección de 				los Datos Personales de los residentes del Espacio Económico Europeo y Reino Unido.
Podemos transferir los Datos Personales que recopilamos sobre usted fuera del Espacio Económico Europeo, Suiza 				o el Reino Unido para cumplir nuestro contrato con usted. Para garantizar que sus Datos Personales reciban un nivel 				de protección adecuado, hemos puesto en marcha las siguientes medidas para asegurar que estos terceros traten 				sus Datos Personales de forma coherente y respetuosa con la legislación de la UE y del Reino Unido en materia 				de protección de datos: Cláusulas contractuales tipo y países que son objeto de una 				determinación de adecuación de la UE. Si necesita más información sobre las medidas de 				protección, puede contactar con nosotros utilizando los datos del Apartado 13.
12. Menores de 					edad
Los siguientes juegos están disponibles para individuos de dieciséis (16) años de edad o 				mayores: "My Café: Recipes and stories", "Toy Defense", "Toy Defense 2", "Toy Defense: Fantasy", "Fish 				Now.io", “Kitchen Stars”, "Family Island", "My Pizza Restaurant", "Zen Match", "Travel Town".
Todos los demás Juegos y Servicios están disponibles para individuos mayores de dieciocho (18) 				años de edad o de la mayoría de edad legal en su jurisdicción.
Nos reservamos el derecho de solicitar una prueba de edad o consentimiento paterno en cualquier momento. Podemos 				bloquear a los Usuarios de los que sospechemos que son menores a la edad aplicable. No recogemos a sabiendas 				Datos Personales de menores y no deseamos hacerlo. Si tenemos conocimiento de que un menor está utilizando 				los Servicios o jugando a cualquiera de nuestros Juegos, posiblemente prohibiremos y bloquearemos dicho uso y 				haremos todo lo posible por suprimir de inmediato cualquier Dato Personal que conservemos en relación con 				dicho menor.
Si cree que podríamos tener dichos datos, póngase en contacto con nosotros en la 				dirección https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/es.
 
13.
					Modificaciones y versión de control
 
Podemos modificar esta Política de Privacidad ocasionalmente publicando una versión modificada en 				nuestros Servicios. La versión modificada entrará en vigor a partir de la fecha de vigencia publicada.
				Le avisaremos con antelación si se trata de cambios sustanciales, a través de cualquiera de los medios 				de comunicación de que disponemos, o en los Servicios. Después de este período de 				notificación, todas las modificaciones se considerarán aceptadas por usted. Si no acepta los 				términos de la Política de Privacidad nueva o modificada, deberá dejar de utilizar los 				Servicios.
 
La Política de Privacidad se ha redactado en inglés, que es la versión original y de control de 				esta Política de Privacidad. Todas las traducciones de esta Política de Privacidad a otros idiomas se 				harán únicamente por conveniencia y no determinarán el significado o la aplicación de 				esta Política de Privacidad. En caso de discrepancia entre los significados de las versiones traducidas de la 				Política de Privacidad y la versión en inglés, prevalecerá el significado de la 				versión en inglés.
 
14. Contacto
 
Si desea hacer algún comentario o pregunta sobre esta Política de Privacidad o si tiene alguna duda 				sobre su privacidad, así como para contactar con el responsable de protección de datos de Moon Active, 				utilice el enlace que figura aquí.
 
Si reside en la UE o el Reino Unido, también puede ponerse en contacto con nuestro representante de la UE o el 				Reino Unido en dpr@moonactive.com.
ANEXO A
Apéndice sobre la Privacidad del Candidato
 
Moon Active se compromete a proteger la privacidad y seguridad de sus Datos Personales. Este Apéndice sobre la 				Privacidad del Candidato describe cómo recogemos y utilizamos sus Datos Personales antes de su 				relación laboral con nosotros, de acuerdo con la legislación de protección de datos aplicable.
				Se aplica a todos los candidatos a puestos de trabajo como empleados, trabajadores o contratistas.
 
Este Apéndice sobre la Privacidad del Candidato se aplica a los candidatos que solicitan empleo y puestos de 				contratista en Moon Active. Este Anexo de Privacidad del Candidato no forma parte de ningún contrato de 				trabajo ni de ningún otro contrato de prestación de servicios. Podemos actualizar este aviso en 				cualquier momento.
 
Conviene que lea este Apéndice sobre la Privacidad del Candidato junto con nuestra Política de 				Privacidad y cualquier otro aviso de privacidad que podamos proporcionarle en ocasiones específicas cuando 				recojamos o tratemos Datos Personales sobre usted para que sea consciente de cómo y por qué utilizamos 				dicha información y de cuáles son sus derechos según la legislación de protección 				de datos aplicable.
A. Principios de la protección de datos:
 
Cumpliremos la ley de protección de datos, que exige que los Datos Personales que tenemos sobre usted:

se utilicen de forma legal, justa y transparente;
se recojan solo para fines válidos que le hemos explicado claramente y no utilizados de forma 					incompatible con dichos fines;
sean pertinentes a los fines que le hemos comunicado y se limiten solo a esos fines;
sean exactos y estén actualizados;
se conserven solo durante el tiempo necesario para los fines que le hemos indicado; y
se conserven de forma segura.

 B. El tipo de información que tenemos sobre usted:
Por datos personales, o Datos Personales, se entiende cualquier información sobre una persona a partir de la 				cual se puede identificar a dicha persona. No incluye los datos en los que se ha suprimido la identidad (datos 				anónimos). Existen "categorías especiales" de datos personales más sensibles que requieren un 				mayor nivel de protección, como la información sobre la salud o la orientación sexual de una 				persona.
Podemos recoger, almacenar y utilizar las siguientes categorías de datos personales sobre usted:

Datos personales de contacto como nombre, cargo, direcciones, números de teléfono y direcciones de 					correo electrónico personales.
Fecha de nacimiento.
Sexo
Información sobre el pariente más cercano y el contacto de emergencia.
Ubicación del empleo o lugar de trabajo.
Información sobre la contratación (incluidas copias de la documentación sobre el derecho al 					trabajo, referencias y otra información incluida en un CV o carta de presentación o como parte del 					proceso de solicitud).
Registros de empleo (incluidos los cargos de los puestos, el historial laboral, las horas de trabajo, las 					vacaciones, los registros de formación y las afiliaciones profesionales).
Historial de indemnizaciones.
Información sobre el rendimiento.
Información sobre disciplina y quejas.
Las imágenes de las cámaras de seguridad y otra información obtenida por medios 					electrónicos, como los registros de las tarjetas magnéticas, durante el proceso de entrevista, en 					su caso.
Fotografías.
En el Reino Unido, los resultados de la comprobación de la situación laboral de la HMRC, la 					información sobre su interés y su relación con el intermediario a través del cual se 					prestan sus servicios. 

C. ¿Cómo se recogen sus datos personales?
 
Recogemos Datos Personales sobre los candidatos mediante el proceso de solicitud y contratación, ya sea 				directamente de los candidatos o a veces de una agencia de empleo. A veces podemos recopilar información 				adicional de terceros, incluidos empleadores previos.
 
D. Cómo utilizaremos la información sobre usted:
 
Solo utilizaremos sus Datos Personales cuando la ley nos lo permita y cuando tengamos un motivo legal para hacerlo.
				Lo más habitual es que nos basemos en los siguientes motivos legales para tratar sus Datos Personales:
 

Cuando tengamos su consentimiento para hacerlo («Consentimiento»).
Cuando necesitemos implementar el contrato que hemos celebrado con usted o tomar medidas para celebrar un 					contrato con usted («Contrato»).
Cuando necesitemos cumplir con una obligación legal («Obligación 						Legal»).
Cuando sea necesario para nuestros intereses legítimos (o los de un tercero) y sus intereses y derechos 					fundamentales no prevalezcan sobre dichos intereses («Intereses 						legítimos»).

 
Si no facilita cierta información cuando se le solicita, es posible que no podamos evaluar su elegibilidad o 				idoneidad para un puesto vacante, o que no podamos cumplir con nuestras obligaciones legales.
 
Solo utilizaremos sus Datos Personales para los fines para los que los recopilamos, a menos que estimemos 				razonablemente que necesitamos utilizarlos para otro motivo y que ese motivo sea compatible con el propósito 				original. Si necesitamos utilizar sus Datos Personales para un propósito no relacionado, se lo notificaremos 				y le explicaremos la base legal que nos permite hacerlo.
 
Tenga en cuenta que podemos procesar sus Datos Personales sin su conocimiento o consentimiento, en cumplimiento de 				las normas anteriores, cuando así lo exija o permita la ley.
 
En este sentido, es importante que los Datos Personales que tenemos sobre usted sean exactos y estén 				actualizados. Le rogamos que nos mantenga informados de los cambios que se produzcan en sus Datos Personales durante 				su candidatura.
 
 
E. Intercambio de datos:
 
Es posible que tengamos que compartir sus datos con terceros, incluidos los proveedores de servicios de terceros y 				otras entidades de Moon Active.
 
Exigimos a los terceros que respeten la seguridad de sus datos y que los traten de acuerdo con la ley.
Podemos transferir sus datos personales fuera de la UE, y en ese caso, nos aseguraremos de que sus datos personales 				estén debidamente protegidos. Consulte el Apartado 10 de nuestra Política de Privacidad para obtener 				más información. 
 

¿Por qué pueden compartir mis datos personales con terceros?Compartiremos sus Datos 					Personales con terceros cuando lo exija la ley, cuando sea necesario para gestionar la relación laboral 					con usted o cuando tengamos otro interés legítimo en hacerlo.
¿Qué Proveedores de Servicios terceros tratan mis Datos 						Personales?«Terceros» incluye a terceros Proveedores de Servicios (incluyendo 					contratistas y agentes designados). Los siguientes Proveedores de Servicios tratan Datos Personales sobre usted 					para los siguientes fines:
					
Comeet: contratación de personal


¿Está segura mi información con los Proveedores de Servicios y otras entidades de 						nuestro grupo?Todos nuestros Proveedores de Servicios tienen que tomar las medidas de seguridad 					adecuadas para proteger sus Datos Personales de acuerdo con nuestras políticas. No permitimos que 					nuestros proveedores de servicios utilicen sus datos personales para sus propios fines. Les permitimos procesar 					sus datos personales solo para fines específicos y de acuerdo con nuestras instrucciones.
¿Qué hay de los demás terceros?Es posible que tengamos que transmitir sus 					Datos Personales a un organismo regulador o para cumplir con la ley.

 F. Derechos de acceso, rectificación, supresión y restricción
Si usted es residente del Espacio Económico Europeo (EEE) o del Reino Unido, en determinadas circunstancias, 				tiene derecho a los derechos de los interesados que se indican en el Apartado 9 de nuestra Política de 				Privacidad. Si desea revisar, verificar, corregir o solicitar la eliminación de sus Datos Personales, 				oponerse al tratamiento de sus Datos Personales o solicitar que transfiramos una copia de sus datos personales a 				otra parte, consulte el Apartado 9 de esta Política de Privacidad.
G. Conservación de datos
Conservaremos sus Datos Personales solo durante el tiempo necesario para cumplir con los fines para los que los hemos 				recogido, incluyendo los fines de satisfacer cualquier requisito legal, contable o de información de acuerdo 				con las leyes y reglamentos aplicables. Para establecer el período de conservación adecuado de los 				datos personales, tenemos en cuenta la cantidad, la naturaleza y la sensibilidad de los datos personales, el riesgo 				potencial de daño derivado del uso o la divulgación no autorizados de sus datos personales, los fines 				para los que procesamos sus datos personales, si podemos alcanzar esos fines por otros medios y los requisitos 				legales aplicables. Una vez que ya no necesitemos los datos del candidato, conservaremos y destruiremos de forma 				segura sus Datos Personales de acuerdo con las leyes y normativas aplicables.
H. Contacto 
Puede contactar con nosotros para cualquier pregunta o duda utilizando los datos del Apartado 14 de nuestra 				Política de Privacidad.




Moon Active – Politique de confidentialité
Dernière révision : juin 2023
Moon Active Ltd. et ses filiales et sociétés affiliées (« Moon 					Active » ou « Nous », 				« Notre », « Nos ») développe, 				édite et exploite des jeux sociaux pour le Web et les environnements mobiles, (les 				« Jeux »), ainsi que des applications Web et mobiles (individuellement, une 				« Application ») pour jouer aux Jeux sur de nombreux appareils et plateformes 				(tels que des appareils mobiles et Facebook).
Nous exploitons également les sites web www.moonactive.com, www.melsoft-games.com, leurs sous-domaines et 				fonctionnalités associées, ainsi qu'une boutique en ligne (les 				« Sites » et, collectivement avec les Jeux et les Applications, les 				« Services »).
Moon Active respecte votre vie privée et s'engage à rendre plus transparentes et justes ses pratiques 				relatives aux données vous concernant. La présente Politique Relative au Respect de la Vie 				Privée définit les conditions dans lesquelles nous procédons à la collecte, au stockage, 				à l'utilisation et au partage des données à caractère personnel vous concernant, et elle 				s'applique à chaque fois que vous consultez nos Sites, installez nos Applications et jouez à nos Jeux, 				échangez avec nous et accédez à nos Services ou les utilisez de toute autre manière.
Nous vous recommandons vivement de lire la présente Politique de confidentialité et de vous 					assurer que vous la comprenez et y adhérez pleinement. En cas de désaccord de votre part sur la 					présente Politique de confidentialité, veuillez cesser d'utiliser nos Services et éviter de 					les utiliser. Conformément à la présente Politique de confidentialité, vous avez le 					droit de cesser l'utilisation de nos Services à tout moment.
Moon Active est un  « contrôleur de données ». Cela signifie que nous sommes 				responsables de décider de la manière dont nous conservons et utilisons les données 				personnelles vous concernant. En vertu de certaines lois sur la protection des données, nous sommes tenus de 				vous informer des informations figurant dans la présente Politique de confidentialité. Vous 				n'avez pas d'obligation légale de nous fournir des Données à 				Caractère Personnel, mais sans celles-ci nous ne serons pas en mesure de vous offrir la gamme complète 				de nos Services ou la meilleure expérience d'utilisation de ceux-ci (à titre d'exemple, vous pourrez 				peut-être continuer à jouer à nos Jeux sans vous connecter à votre compte Facebook, mais 				vous ne pourrez pas profiter de leurs fonctionnalités liées aux réseaux sociaux).

Collecte des données
Utilisation des données
Stockage et conservation
Suppression des données personnelles et 						clôture des comptes
Partage des données
Communications
Sécurité des données
Cookies et technologies de suivi
Publicité
Droits des personnes concernées - Espace économique européen, Suisse et 						Royaume-Uni
Transfert de données
Personnes mineures
Modifications et version de contrôle
Nous contacter

 
1. Collecte des données
 
Nous recueillons quatre catégories principales de données (et, dans la mesure où celles-ci 				peuvent permettre l'identification d'une personne précise ou être liées à des 				données permettant potentiellement cette identification, nous les considérons comme des 				« Données à Caractère Personnel ») :

Données collectées ou générées 						automatiquement:Lorsqu'une personne consulte, utilise nos Services ou interagit avec eux, 					notamment lorsque nous lui adressons des messages par courriel ou sms, directement ou via nos Services, 					nous sommes susceptibles de recueillir ou de générer des données techniques concernant 					cette personne. Nous recueillons ou générons ces données soit de manière 					indépendante, soit en ayant recours aux services de tiers, notamment grâce à l'utilisation 					de « cookies » et d'autres technologies de suivi (telle que plus amplement 					détaillée ci-dessous).Il s'agit de données de connectivité, techniques ou 					d'utilisation agrégées, telles que l'adresse IP, l'identifiant du jeu, les statistiques de jeu, 					les préférences de jeu, l'identifiant publicitaire unique (par exemple, IDFA ; vous pouvez 					réinitialiser cet identifiant en fonction des instructions du système d'exploitation), les 					données ne permettant pas l'identification relatives à un appareil, à un système 					d'exploitation, à un navigateur ou à une version d'une Application, à un opérateur 					mobile, aux paramètres liés à votre localité et à votre langue, à 					l'activité de l'utilisateur sur nos Services, l'activité dans l'Application ou le Jeu (comme le 					contenu du Jeu / l'interaction avec les produits et les données publicitaires) ; les données de 					diagnostic (c'est-à-dire les données de plantage et les données de performance du Jeu).
					Nous n'utilisons pas ces données pour connaître la véritable identité ou les 					coordonnées d'une personne donnée, mais plus généralement pour mieux comprendre la 					manière dont les utilisateurs utilisent nos Services et interagissent avec eux. L'utilisation de ces 					données techniques et relatives aux appareils nous permet également, ainsi qu'à nos 					partenaires, de publier des messages publicitaires et des contenus plus adaptés en fonction des centres 					d'intérêts et globalement mieux ciblés, afin d'optimiser la gestion de nos publicités 					et l'expérience de nos utilisateurs qui les visualisent, et d'améliorer la performance globale de 					nos Services et votre expérience en tant qu'utilisateur. Pour plus d'informations concernant les 					utilisations que nous en faisons à des fins publicitaires, voir l'Article 8 ci-dessous.
Données reçues de votre part:Il est possible que vous nous communiquiez 					volontairement des Données à Caractère Personnel, notamment lorsque vous créez un 					compte chez nous, vous nous contactez (via Facebook, Messenger, par e-mail, chat 					intégré au jeu ou par tout autre moyen, notamment via les services support), si 					vous publiez des messages sur nos forums publics ou de groupe, si vous nous communiquez votre adresse 					électronique (notamment si vous vous inscrivez pour recevoir des actualités ou des cadeaux par 					e-mail), lorsque vous participez à des compétitions, concours, tournois et autres promotions, 					lorsque vous effectuez des achats dans le cadre de l’un de nos Jeux, si vous interagissez avec 					d’autres utilisateurs, par l’intermédiaire du chat intégré au Jeu ou choisissez 					de vous connecter à l’un de nos Jeux via votre compte Facebook, Google, Apple ou un 					compte similaire.
Données reçues de la part de Facebook et d’autres sources:Si vous 					vous connectez aux Jeux via votre compte Facebook, Google, Apple ou un compte similaire, nous aurons 					accès à votre profil public, et notamment (sous réserve que vous l’ayez rendu 					« public »), le cas échéant, votre nom complet, adresse (s) e-mail 					communiquée (s) à Facebook, Google ou Apple sexe, photo, emplacement, fuseau horaire, ainsi que la 					liste de vos amis jouant aux Jeux (ainsi que leurs photos et autres informations de profil public). Cela nous 					permettra en outre d’afficher votre photo de profil public, ainsi que celle de vos amis, à 					l’intérieur des Jeux et de créer votre liste d’amis dans le jeu. En outre, nous 					pourrons, ainsi que nos partenaires publicitaires, recevoir de la part de Facebook et de nos autres circuits 					commerciaux des informations d’ordre général concernant les résultats de nos 					campagnes publicitaires, telles que la tranche d’âge ou les centres d’intérêt 					ciblés, et nos partenaires et nous-mêmes pourrions être en mesure de faire le lien entre ces 					données d’ordre général et d’autres données en notre possession. Pour en 					savoir davantage sur nos pratiques publicitaires, voir l’Article 8 ci-dessous. Si vous accédez 					à nos Services par l’intermédiaire d’un tiers tel que Facebook, Google ou Apple, si 					vous vous connectez à nos Services via un autre compte tiers, il vous appartiendra de prendre 					connaissance de leurs conditions générales et politiques de confidentialité. Si vous avez 					un doute sur les informations qu’une application tierce nous communique, veuillez consulter le site 					Internet de cette application tierce afin d’en savoir plus sur leurs pratiques en matière de 					respect de la vie privée.
Données de transactions:Les achats effectués dans le cadre d'un Jeu sont en 					principe traités par l'opérateur de la plateforme concernée (par exemple, Apple, Google ou 					Facebook), et nous ne recueillons ni ne conservons aucune de vos données financières par exemple 					vos numéros de carte de crédit ou de compte bancaire. Nous pouvons cependant recevoir vos 					Données à Caractère Personnel non financières liées à l'achat 					effectué (par exemple, vos nom, adresse de facturation, adresse électronique et articles 					achetés) afin de pouvoir exécuter votre commande et pour des raisons comptables.

 
2. Utilisations des données
La base juridique justifiant la collecte et l'utilisation de vos Données à Caractère Personnel 				dépend de la finalité précise pour laquelle vos données sont traitées, mais nous 				nous fondons généralement sur les bases juridiques suivantes :

Exécution d'un contrat. Nous utilisons ce fondement dès lors que le traitement est 					nécessaire à la réalisation des Jeux, notamment dans le cadre des jeux sociaux si vous 					choisissez de vous connecter viaFacebook, Google ou Apple, et des services de support mis à 					votre disposition, ainsi que pour vous adresser des notifications liées aux Services, des cadeaux et des 					récompenses.
Consentement. Dans quelques cas (si vous choisissez de vous inscrire pour recevoir des e-mails aux fins 					de prospection et acceptez les cookies sur nos sites web), nous procédons au traitement de vos 					Données à Caractère Personnel sur le fondement de votre consentement. Vous pouvez retirer 					votre consentement à tout moment en nous adressant une demande aux coordonnées figurant à 					l'Article 13.
Intérêt légitime. Nous procédons au traitement de vos Données 					à Caractère Personnel sur le fondement de notre intérêt légitime au maintien 					et à l'amélioration de nos Services et de nos offres, à comprendre l'utilisation qui est 					faite de nos Services, à diffuser des publicités adaptées dans le cadre de nos Jeux et par 					d'autres voies, à faire correspondre les utilisateurs pour créer les listes d'amis dans le jeu, 					à améliorer notre service client et nos opérations de support, à détecter les 					fraudes ainsi qu'à assurer la protection et la sécurité de nos utilisateurs, la nôtre 					et celle de nos Services.
Respect d'une obligation légale. Dans certains cas, nous pouvons être amenés 					à procéder au traitement de vos Données à Caractère Personnel si cela est 					nécessaire au respect d'une obligation légale, notamment si nous sommes soumis à une 					obligation prévue par la loi applicable ou à une décision rendue par une juridiction ou un 					organisme réglementaire.

Les finalités pour lesquelles nous utilisons les Données à Caractère Personnel sont plus 				amplement détaillées ci-dessous :

Pour faciliter, exécuter et fournir nos Services ;
Pour authentifier l'identité de nos joueurs et leur permettre d'avoir accès à des 					fonctionnalité supplémentaires ;
Pour fournir à nos utilisateurs des services d'accompagnement et d'assistance à la 					clientèle, ainsi qu'un support technique ;
Pour vous permettre d'interagir avec les autres joueurs des Jeux ;
Pour développer, personnaliser et améliorer davantage les Services et votre expérience 					d'utilisateur, en fonction des préférences, expériences et difficultés communes ou 					personnelles ; notamment en personnalisant votre profil et votre liste d'amis ;
Pour gérer et diffuser les publicités de manière plus ciblée, notamment les 					publicités contextuelles, comportementales et liées aux centres d'intérêt, tenant 					compte de l'avancement atteint et de l'activité réalisée dans le cadre des Jeux, de vos 					préférences et d'autres donnée à notre disposition ou à celle de nos 					Prestataires de services, y compris aux fins de re-ciblage (re-targeting) ;
Pour contacter nos utilisateurs (par e-mail, viaFacebook, par des notifications 					« push », ou par tout autre moyen à notre disposition) et leur adresser des 					messages généraux ou personnalisés liés aux services (tels que des confirmations 					d'achat ou des avis de maintenance du système), pour adresser à nos utilisateurs des messages 					promotionnels (concernant notamment les mises à jour des Jeux, primes, nouvelles fonctionnalités, 					services VIP, etc.), ainsi qu'aux fins de facilitation, de parrainage et pour les offres de promotions et 					événements particuliers ;
Pour soutenir et améliorer nos mesures de sécurité des données, notamment aux fins 					de prévention et d'atténuation des risques de fraude, d'erreur et toute activité illicite 					ou interdite ;
Pour créer des données statistiques agrégées, des données non personnelles 					« déduites » ou des données anonymisées ou pseudonymisées 					(privées de leur caractère personnel), pouvant nous servir, ou servir à nos Prestataires de 					services, pour l'exécution ou l'amélioration de nos différents services ; et
Pour respecter la législation et la réglementation applicables.

3. Stockage et conservation
Les lois relatives au respect de la vie privée peuvent varier d'un territoire à l'autre, mais Moon 				Active a pris des mesures raisonnables pour veiller à ce que vos Données à Caractère 				Personnel soient traitées par ses affiliés et Prestataires de Services de manière 				sécurisée et légale, conformément aux pratiques professionnelles courantes, quand bien 				même les exigences légales en vigueur sur leur territoire seraient moins élevées.
Nous conservons vos Données à Caractère Personnel pour maintenir notre relation et vous faire 				bénéficier de nos Services. Nous ne conserverons vos Données personnelles que pour la 				durée nécessaire à la réalisation des objectifs pour lesquels nous les avons 				collectées. En d'autres termes, nous conservons vos Données à Caractère Personnel tant 				que vous restez notre utilisateur et ne nous avez pas adressé d'avis contraire. Nous prendrons les mesures 				raisonnables pour supprimer vos Données à Caractère Personnel si vous supprimez votre compte.
				Nous sommes également susceptibles de conserver vos Données à Caractère Personnel pour 				des raisons comptables et juridiques (si les lois applicables l'exigent pour la tenue de nos livres et registres, et 				pour disposer des éléments de preuve et justificatifs liés à notre relation, au cas 				où des questions d'ordre juridique surviendraient après que vous ayez cessé l'utiliser les 				Services), conformément à notre Politique de Conservation des Données. Pour toute question que 				vous pourriez avoir concernant notre Politique de Conservation des Données, veuillez nous contacter à 				l'adresse suivante : https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/fr.
Il convient de noter que, en dehors des cas prévus par la loi applicable, nous n'avons pas d'obligation de 				conserver vos données pour une durée particulière, et pouvons librement les effacer pour tout 				motif et à tout moment, sans avoir à vous en informer.
Dans certaines circonstances, il se peut que nous rendions vos Données à caractère personnel 				anonymes afin qu'elles ne puissent plus être associées à vous, auquel cas nous pouvons utiliser 				ces informations sans vous en informer davantage et elles ne sont plus considérées comme des 				Données à caractère personnel au sens de la présente Politique de 				confidentialité.
4. Suppression des Données Personnelles et 					Clôture des Comptes
En plus de tous les autres droits énoncés dans la présente Politique de confidentialité 				(sauf ceux énoncés dans l'Addenda sur la confidentialité des candidats), vous pouvez à 				tout moment demander à Moon Active de supprimer vos Données personnelles en accédant au bouton 				« Suppression du compte » dans le Jeu concerné et en suivant les instructions. Si vous choisissez 				cette option, votre Compte sera fermé et l'ensemble de votre historique de jeu, de vos informations d'achat, 				de votre connexion aux réseaux sociaux et des autres informations qui vous sont associées dans le 				cadre du Jeu seront supprimés.  La suppression est irréversible. Si vous avez des Comptes avec 				plusieurs Jeux, vous devez demander la fermeture de chaque compte.
Dès réception de votre demande, nous y répondrons rapidement, mais veuillez prévoir un 				délai de traitement.  Nous nous réservons également le droit de conserver une copie de 				toute Donnée Personnelle que nous sommes obligés de conserver en vertu de la loi applicable.
5. Partage des données
Nous pouvons être amenés à partager vos données avec certains tiers, notamment avec les 				autorités judiciaires et de police, nos Prestataires de services et nos affiliés. Les cas dans 				lesquels nous partageons des données sont résumés ci-dessous :

Respect de la loi, des décisions judiciaires et des autorités: Nous pouvons divulguer ou 					permettre à des agents de l'État et des services judiciaires et de police d'accéder 					à certaine Données à Caractère Personnel, en application d'une assignation, d'un 					mandat de perquisition ou d'une décision de justice (ou d'une obligation semblable), ou 					conformément à la législation et à la réglementation applicables, notamment 					pour des motifs de sécurité nationale. Ces divulgations et accès peuvent être 					effectuées ou donnés sans que vous en soyez informé, si nous estimons de bonne foi que nous 					sommes légalement tenus de le faire, ou en cas de divulgation appropriée dans le cadre de nos 					mesures d'enquête, de prévention ou de nos actions de la lutte contre les actes illicites, la 					fraude et autres infractions avérées ou présumées.
Prestataires de services : nous Nous pouvons engager des sociétés, des sous-traitants et 					des particuliers tiers sélectionnés pour fournir des services complémentaires aux 					nôtres (par exemple : services d'hébergement, services d'analyse des données, services 					et outils d'agences de marketing et de publicité, services de sécurité des données 					et de cybersécurité, services de détection et de prévention des fraudes, services de 					traitement des paiements, partenaires de support client, modérateurs et testeurs externes, services 					liés à la participation des utilisateurs, services de diffusion et de suivi des e-mails, 					enregistrement de sessions, ainsi que conseils commerciaux, juridiques, financiers et conseils en 					conformité) (ensemble, les « Prestataires de Services»). Ces 					Prestataires de Services peuvent avoir accès à vos Données à Caractère 					Personnel, dans le cadre de chacune de leurs attributions et activités particulières pour assurer 					la facilitation et la complémentarité de nos Services, et ils ne sont autorisés et ils 					peuvent traiter vos Données à Caractère personnel uniquement aux fins pour lesquelles nous 					les avons mandatés. Nous pouvons également partager des informations anonymes, statistiques ou 					agrégées avec nos Prestataires de services à des fins commerciales légitimes.  				
Intégration à des services de tiers: Les Services vous permettent 					l'intégration à certains services tiers, comme par exemple pour connecter votre compte Facebook, 					Google ou Apple à un certain jeu, pour vous connecter avec Google, Facebook ou Apple ou pour effectuer 					des achats, auquel cas les conditions générales et avis de confidentialité de ces tiers 					s'appliquent à vous (par exemple, Apple, Google ou Facebook). En conséquence, il vous appartient 					de veiller à les lire et à les accepter à l'avance. Nous ne recevons et ne conservons pas 					vos mots de passe pour ces services de tiers.
Protection des droits et sécurité : Nous pouvons être amenés à 					partager vos Données à Caractère Personnel avec d'autres, sans avoir à vous en 					informer, si nous estimons de bonne foi que cela peut nous aider à protéger les droits et à 					assurer la sécurité des biens et des personnes de Moon Active, de nos utilisateurs ou de tout 					membre du public.
Filiales de Moon Active et sociétés apparentées: Nous pouvons être 					amenés à partager des Données à Caractère Personnel en interne, au sein de 					notre groupe de sociétés, pour les finalités indiquées dans la présente 					Politique de confidentialité. De plus, dans le cas où Moon Active ou l'un de ses affiliés 					ferait l'objet d'un quelconque changement de contrôle, notamment par voie de fusion, d'acquisition ou de 					rachat de la totalité ou quasi-totalité de ses actifs, vos Données à 					Caractère Personnel pourront être partagées avec les parties concernées par cette 					opération. Si nous estimons que ce changement de contrôle est susceptible d'avoir une incidence 					significative sur vos Données à Caractère Personnel stockées par nous à cette 					date, nous vous informerons alors de cet événement et des choix dont vous pourriez disposer par 					e-mail et/ou par un avis posté de manière visible sur nos Services.

Afin de lever toute ambiguïté, Moon Active peut partager vos Données à Caractère 				Personnel d'autres manières, avec votre accord exprès, ou bien si nous sommes légalement tenus 				de le faire, ou encore si nous sommes parvenus à rendre ces données non personnelles et anonymes. Nous 				pouvons transférer, partager ou utiliser de toute autre manière des données non personnelles, 				à notre entière discrétion et sans avoir à obtenir d'autre accord.
6. Communications

Communications relatives aux Services: Nous pouvons être amenés à vous contacter 					pour vous adresser des informations importantes relatives à nos Services. Nous pouvons par exemple vous 					informer (par tout moyen à notre disposition) de la modification ou de mises à jour de nos 					Services, de problèmes de facturation, etc. Vous ne pouvez pas vous opposer à la réception 					de ces communications relatives au service.
Messages promotionnels: Si vous vous êtes inscrit pour recevoir ce type de communications de 					notre part, nous pouvons également vous adresser des messages pour vous informer de nouveaux Services, 					événements et offres spéciales ou tous autres éléments que nous estimerions 					susceptibles de vous intéresser. Nous pouvons vous adresser ces notifications par tout moyen de 					communication à notre disposition (par téléphone, mobile ou 					e-mail), via les Services, par le biais de nos campagnes marketing sur d'autres sites ou 					plateformes.

Vous avez le droit de révoquer votre consentement à tout moment concernant la réception de ces 				messages promotionnels. Vous pouvez le faire en nous contactant à l'adresse suivante : https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/fr ou en suivant 				les instructions intitulées « se désinscrire », « stop » 				ou « modifier vos préférences pour l'envoi d'e-mails » figurant sur les messages 				promotionnels que vous recevez.
7. Sécurité des données
Afin de protéger les Données à Caractère Personnel vous concernant conservées par 				nos Prestataires de Services et nous-mêmes, nous mettons en œuvre des mesures de sécurité 				physiques, procédurales et électroniques adéquates, et notamment le cryptage lorsque nous 				l'estimons utile. Sachez cependant que quelles que soient les mesures de sécurité mises en 				œuvre, nous ne garantissons et ne pouvons garantir la protection et la sécurité absolue d'aucune 				des Données à Caractère Personnel conservées par nous ou par les tiers. Si vous 				découvrez des problèmes de sécurité ou de vulnérabilité liés aux 				Services, veuillez envoyer un e-mail à : info@moonactive.com.
8. Cookies et technologies de suivi
Nos Services et certains de nos Prestataires de Services utilisent des « cookies », des 				identifiants anonymes et d'autres technologies de suivi (collectivement, les « Technologies de 					suivi ») qui nous aident à exécuter et à améliorer nos Services, 				à personnaliser votre expérience et à suivre les performances de nos activités et de nos 				campagnes, ainsi que l'utilisation de l'ensemble de nos Applications, Jeux et Services. Pour en savoir plus, 				veuillez consulter notre Politique de 					cookies.
9. Publicité
Nos Jeux contiennent des publicités pour des produits et services de tiers. Nos partenaires publicitaires et 				nous-mêmes utilisons certaines données vous concernant pour améliorer nos pratiques 				publicitaires et que les publicités que nous diffusons soient plus efficaces, pertinentes et ludiques, 				notamment en déployant des publicités en fonction des centres d'intérêt, ainsi que des 				systèmes de ciblage, d'évaluation et d'attribution des publicités.
Ces données comprennent les identifiants publicitaires de vos appareils (l’IDFA, ou l’identifiant 				publicitaire), les données liées au profil Facebook, Google ou Apple par lequel vous vous êtes 				connecté (comprenant, selon le cas, sexe, région ou pays), le contenu du jeu, l'identifiant de 				l'utilisateur dans le jeu, les données d'interaction avec les produits ainsi que d'autres informations 				d'ordre démographique ou liées aux centres d'intérêts reçues par nos partenaires 				ou nous-mêmes de votre part ou vous concernant, sur la base de votre consentement ou une autre base juridique 				(selon ce qui est nécessaire pour vous fournir nos différents services, ou sur le fondement des 				intérêts légitimes détaillés ci-dessus).
Les publicités diffusées par nos partenaires publicitaires et nous-mêmes sont susceptibles 				d'être affichées dans le cadre de nos Jeux, de nos Services ou par toute autre voie, notamment sur des 				sites Internet et applications de tiers.
La présente Politique de confidentialité ne s'applique pas aux activités des 				sociétés que nous ne possédons pas ou ne contrôlons pas, ni aux employés ou 				Prestataires de services que nous ne gérons pas. Toute information que vous fournissez à des sites, 				applications ou services annoncés par nos Services sera soumise aux politiques de confidentialité 				applicables qui y sont spécifiées. Nous vous invitons à lire les politiques relatives au 				respect de la vie privée de l'ensemble des applications, services et sites de tiers que vous consultez ou que 				vous autorisez à accéder à vos informations. Il incombe à ces tiers de protéger 				les informations que vous leur communiquez, de sorte que nous ne sommes aucunement responsables de l'utilisation 				qu'ils pourraient faire de vos Données à Caractère Personnel. Pour en savoir plus, veuillez 				consulter notre Politique de cookies.

Comment modifier vos préférences relatives à la publicité ciblée en 						fonction des centres d'intérêtsSi vous souhaitez empêcher l'utilisation de 					l'identifiant publicitaire ou de tout autre identifiant de votre appareil aux fins de publicité 					ciblée en fonction des centres d'intérêts, vous pouvez modifier les paramètres de 					votre appareil afin de réinitialiser cet identifiant publicitaire ou de vous désinscrire de ce 					type de publicités (généralement, cela est possible dans les onglets « 					Confidentialité » ou « Publicités » des paramètres de votre appareil). Si 					vous résidez aux États-Unis, au Canada ou en Europe, vous pouvez également vous opposer 					à la collecte de vos données par nos partenaires publicitaires membres de la Digital 						Advertising Alliance, sur les sites suivants : www.aboutads.info/choices (pour les utilisateurs des 					États-Unis), www.youradchoices.ca/choices (pour les utilisateurs 					canadiens), www.youronlinechoices.eu (pour 					les utilisateurs européens).Il convient de préciser que si vous ne réinitialisez pas 					votre identifiant publicitaire ou si vous ne vous opposez pas à la publicité ciblée en 					fonction de vos centres d'intérêt, vous continuerez à voir des publicités dans le 					cadre de nos Jeux, ou par tout autre voie, mais ces publicités ne seront pas ciblées en fonction 					des identifiants mentionnés plus haut. À titre d'exemple, ces publicités pourront dans ce 					cas être liées au contexte, notamment à votre niveau d'avancement et à vos actions 					dans le cadre des Jeux, ou à votre choix de langue. Veuillez noter que ces actions peuvent avoir pour 					effet de rendre votre expérience d'utilisation moins agréable.
Données agrégées et analytiquesNous utilisons les outils analytiques 					standards de Google Analytics et, de temps à autre, d'autres outils d'analyse. Les pratiques en 					matière de confidentialité de ces outils sont soumises à leurs propres politiques de 					confidentialité. Pour en savoir plus, veuillez consulter notre Politique de cookies.
Produits GoogleGoogle utilise des technologies telles que les cookies pour le suivi et l'analyse 					de l'utilisation de nos Sites et/ou un kit de développement de logiciel (SDK) afin de diffuser des 					publicités dans nos Jeux. Pour en savoir davantage sur le traitement des données effectué 					par Google, nous vous invitons à consulter les politiques de Google à l'adresse suivante : https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites.
					Pour de plus amples informations, reportez-vous à l'outil de désinscription de Google Analytics 					disponible à l'adresse suivante : https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. Pour plus 					d'information concernant les données traitées et conservées par le SDK de Google, cliquez 					sur le lien suivant : https://support.google.com/admob/answer/7665968.
				

10. Droits des personnes concernées - Espace 					économique européen, Suisse et Royaume-Uni
Si vous êtes un résident de l'Espace économique européen (EEE), de la Suisse ou du 				Royaume-Uni (RU) au sujet duquel nous traitons des Données personnelles, vous avez le droit de :

Demander l'accès à vos Données Personnelles (connu sous le nom de « 					demande d'accès à la personne concernée »). Cela vous permet de recevoir une copie 					des Données personnelles que nous détenons à votre sujet et de vérifier que nous les 					traitons légalement.
Demander la correction des Données Personnelles que nous détenons à votre 					sujet. Cela vous permet de faire corriger les informations incomplètes ou inexactes que nous 					détenons à votre sujet.
Demander l'effacement de vos Données Personnelles. Cela vous permet de 					nous demander d'effacer ou de supprimer des Données Personnelles lorsqu'il n'existe aucune raison valable 					pour que nous continuions à les traiter. Vous avez également le droit de nous demander d'effacer 					ou de supprimer vos Données Personnelles lorsque vous avez exercé votre droit d'opposition au 					traitement (voir ci-dessous).
S'opposer au traitement de vos Données Personnelles lorsque nous nous appuyons sur un 					intérêt légitime (ou ceux d'un tiers) et qu'il y a quelque chose dans votre situation 					particulière qui vous pousse à vous opposer au traitement pour ce motif. Vous avez 					également le droit de vous opposer lorsque nous traitons vos Données personnelles à des 					fins de marketing direct.
Demander la limitation du traitement de vos Données Cela vous permet de 					nous demander de suspendre le traitement des Données Personnelles vous concernant, par exemple si vous 					voulez que nous établissions leur exactitude ou la raison de leur traitement.
Demander le transfert de vos Données personnelles vers un tiers.
Aucun frais n'est généralement exigé.Vous ne devrez pas payer de 					frais pour accéder à vos Données Personnelles (ou pour exercer tout autre droit).
					Toutefois, nous pouvons facturer des frais raisonnables si votre demande d'accès est manifestement 					infondée ou excessive. Nous pouvons également refuser de donner suite à la demande dans ces 					circonstances.
Ce dont nous pouvons avoir besoin de votre partNous pouvons être amenés 					à vous demander des informations spécifiques pour nous aider à confirmer votre 					identité et à garantir votre droit d'accès aux informations (ou à exercer l'un de 					vos autres droits). Il s'agit d'une autre mesure de sécurité visant à garantir que les 					Données Personnelles ne sont pas divulguées à des personnes qui n'ont pas le droit de les 					recevoir.
Droit de retirer le consentementDans les cas limités où vous avez 					donné votre consentement à la collecte, au traitement et au transfert de vos Données 					Personnelles dans un but spécifique, vous avez le droit de retirer votre consentement pour ce traitement 					spécifique à tout moment. Pour retirer votre consentement, veuillez contacter info@moonactive.com.
					Dès que nous aurons reçu l'avis de retrait de votre consentement, nous ne traiterons plus vos 					informations dans le ou les buts que vous aviez initialement consentis, à moins que nous n'ayons une 					autre justification légitime pour le faire en droit.

Si vous souhaitez exercer vos droits conformément au droit applicable (notamment le Règlement 				général sur la protection des données (RGPD) ou le RGPD du Royaume-Uni), veuillez nous 				contacter ici.
Si vous résidez dans l'EEE ou au Royaume-Uni, vous pouvez également contacter notre représentant 				à l'EEE ou au Royaume-Uni à l'adresse : dpr@moonactive.com.
Dans le cas où vous souhaiteriez gérer les informations vous concernant que nous recevons de la part 				d'une application ou d'une plateforme tierce sur laquelle vous jouez à nos Jeux, telle que Facebook, Apple ou 				Google, veuillez suivre les instructions de cette application tierce pour l'actualisation de vos informations et la 				modification de vos paramètres de confidentialité.
Vous avez la possibilité de déposer une réclamation auprès d'une autorité de 				contrôle. Pour les résidents de l’EEE, vous trouverez les coordonnées de votre 				autorité de contrôle nationale à : https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en.
				Les résidents du Royaume-Uni peuvent contacter le Bureau du Commissaire à l’information 				à : https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/.
11. Transferts de données
Vos Données Personnelles peuvent être conservées, traitées, consultées et 				stockées par Moon Active et nos affiliés et Prestataires de Services autorisés aux et depuis 				les États-Unis et d'autres juridictions, comme nécessaire pour la bonne exécution de nos 				Services, ou comme cela peut être exigé par la loi. Moon Active est établi dans une juridiction 				qui est considérée par les autorités du Royaume-Uni, de la Suisse et de la Commission 				européenne à offrir un niveau adéquat de protection des Données Personnelles des 				résidents de l'EEE et du Royaume-Uni.
Nous pouvons transférer les Données Personnelles que nous collectons à votre sujet en dehors de 				l'EEE, de la Suisse ou du Royaume-Uni, afin d'exécuter notre contrat avec vous. Pour garantir que vos 				Données Personnelles bénéficient d'un niveau de protection adéquat, nous avons mis en 				place les mesures suivantes pour nous assurer que vos Données Personnelles sont traitées par ces tiers 				d'une manière cohérente et qui respecte les lois de l'UE et du Royaume-Uni sur la protection des 				données : Clauses contractuelles types et pays faisant l'objet d'une décision d'adéquation de 				l'UE.
12. Personnes mineures
Les Jeux suivants sont disponibles pour les personnes âgées de seize (16) ans et plus : « My 				Café: Recipes and stories », « Toy Defense », « Toy Defense 2 », « Toy 				Defense: Fantasy », « Fish Now».io », « Kitchen Stars », « Family Island 				», « My Pizza Restaurant », « Zen Match », « Travel Town ».
Tous les autres Jeux et Services sont disponibles uniquement pour les personnes âgées de dix-huit (18) 				ans et plus ou ayant atteint l'âge de la majorité légale dans votre juridiction.
Nous nous réservons le droit de demander une preuve d'âge ou le consentement parental à tout 				moment. Nous bloquerons les Utilisateurs dont nous soupçonnons qu'ils n'ont pas l'âge 				applicable. Nous ne recueillons sciemment aucune Données à Caractère Personnel 				auprès de personnes mineures et ne souhaitons pas le faire. Si nous apprenons qu'un mineur utilise les 				Services ou joue à l'un de nos Jeux, nous pouvons être amenés à interdire et bloquer 				cette utilisation et nous prendrons toutes les mesures nécessaires pour supprimer sans délai toutes 				les Données à Caractère Personnel éventuellement stockées chez nous concernant 				ledit mineur.
Si vous pensez que nous sommes susceptibles de disposer de telles données, merci de nous contacter à :
				https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/fr.
13. Modifications et version de contrôle
Nous pouvons mettre à jour la présente Politique de confidentialité et la modifier 				régulièrement en publiant une version modifiée de celle-ci sur nos Services. La version 				modifiée entrera en vigueur à sa date effective de publication. Nous vous en informerons avec un 				délai de préavis en cas de modifications substantielles, par tout moyen de communication à 				notre disposition ou sur les Services. Passé ce délai de préavis, vous serez 				réputé avoir accepté la totalité des modifications. Si vous n'acceptez pas les termes de 				la version nouvelle ou modifiée de la Politique Relative au Respect de la Vie Privée, vous
La présente Politique de confidentialité a été rédigée en langue anglaise, 				qui est la version originale et déterminante. Toutes les traductions de la présente Politique de 				confidentialité dans d'autres langues sont faites uniquement pour des raisons de commodité et ne 				changent en rien la signification ou l'application de la présente Politique de confidentialité. En cas 				de divergence entre la signification des versions traduites de la Politique de confidentialité en version 				anglaise, c’est la signification de la version anglaise prévaudra.
14. Nous Contacter
Pour toute remarque ou question concernant la présente Politique de confidentialité ou si vous avez la 				moindre inquiétude concernant le respect de votre Vie Privée, ou pour contacter le Responsable de la 				Protection des Données de Moon Active, veuillez utiliser ce lien.
Si vous résidez dans l'UE ou au Royaume-Uni, vous pouvez également contacter notre représentant 				dans l'UE ou au Royaume-Uni à : dpr@moonactive.com.
 
ANNEXE A 
Addenda sur la Confidentialité des Candidats
Moon Active s'engage à protéger la confidentialité et la sécurité de vos 				Données Personnelles. Le présent Addenda sur la Confidentialité des Candidats décrit 				comment nous collectons et utilisons les Données Personnelles vous concernant avant votre relation de travail 				avec nous, conformément à la loi applicable sur la protection des données. Il s'applique 				à tous les candidats à des postes d'employés, de travailleurs ou d'entrepreneurs.
 
Le présent Addenda sur la Confidentialité du Candidat s'applique aux candidats qui postulent pour un 				emploi ou un rôle d'entrepreneur chez Moon Active. Le présent Addenda sur la Confidentialité des 				Candidats ne fait partie d'aucun contrat de travail ou de tout autre contrat de prestation de services. Cet avis 				peut être mis à jour à tout moment.
 
Il est important que vous lisiez le présent Addenda sur la Confidentialité des Candidats en même 				temps que notre Politique de Confidentialité et tout autre avis de confidentialité que nous pouvons 				vous fournir à des occasions spécifiques lorsque nous collectons ou traitons des Données 				Personnelles qui vous concernent, afin que vous sachiez comment et pourquoi nous utilisons ces informations et quels 				sont vos droits en vertu de la loi applicable sur la protection des données.
 
A. Principes de protection des données :
Nous respecterons la loi sur la protection des données, qui exige que les Données Personnelles que nous 				détenons à votre sujet soient :

Utilisées de manière légale, équitable et transparente ;
Recueillies exclusivement à des fins valables que nous vous avons clairement expliquées et ne pas 					être utilisées d'une manière incompatible avec ces fins ;
Pertinentes aux fins dont nous vous avons parlé et limitées uniquement à ces fins ;
Exactes et mises à jour ;
Conservées uniquement pendant la durée nécessaire aux fins dont nous vous avons 					informé ; et
Conservées en toute sécurité

B. Type d'informations que nous détenons à votre sujet :
Les Données à Caractère Personnel, ou Données Personnelles, désignent toute 				information sur un particulier à partir de laquelle cette personne peut être identifiée. Elle ne 				comprend pas les données dont l'identité a été supprimée (données 				anonymes). Il existe des « catégories spéciales » de données personnelles plus 				sensibles qui nécessitent un niveau de protection plus élevé, comme les informations sur la 				santé ou l'orientation sexuelle d'une personne.
Les catégories suivantes de Données Personnelles vous concernant peuvent être collectées, 				stockées et utilisées par nous :

Les coordonnées personnelles telles que le nom, le titre, les adresses, les numéros de 					téléphone et les adresses électroniques personnelles.
Date de naissance.
Sexe
Proche parent et coordonnées d'urgence.
Lieu d'emploi ou lieu de travail.
Informations relatives au recrutement (y compris les copies des documents relatifs au droit au travail, les 					références et autres informations incluses dans un CV ou une lettre de motivation ou dans le cadre 					du processus de candidature).
Dossiers d'emploi (y compris les titres des postes, l'historique du travail, les heures de travail, les 					congés, les dossiers de formation et les affiliations professionnelles).
Historique des rémunérations.
Informations sur le rendement.
Informations sur les mesures disciplinaires et les griefs.
Les enregistrements de vidéosurveillance et autres informations obtenues par des moyens 					électroniques tels que les enregistrements de cartes magnétiques pendant le processus d'entretien, 					le cas échéant.
Les photos.
Au Royaume-Uni, les résultats de la vérification du statut professionnel du HMRC, les 					détails de votre intérêt et de votre lien avec l'intermédiaire par lequel vos 					services sont fournis.

C. Comment vos renseignements personnels sont-ils recueillis ? 
Nous recueillons des Données Personnelles sur les candidats par le biais du processus de candidature et de 				recrutement, soit directement auprès des candidats, soit parfois auprès d'une agence de placement.
				Nous pouvons parfois recueillir des informations supplémentaires auprès de tiers, notamment d'anciens 				employeurs.
D. Comment allons-nous utiliser les informations vous concernant ?
Nous n'utiliserons vos Données Personnelles que lorsque la loi nous y autorise et lorsque nous avons un motif 				légitime pour le faire.  En général, nous nous appuyons sur les motifs légaux 				suivants pour traiter vos Données Personnelles :

Lorsque nous avons votre consentement pour le faire ( « Consentement »).
Lorsque nous devons exécuter le contrat que nous avons conclu avec vous ou prendre des mesures pour 					conclure un contrat avec vous (« Contrat »).
Lorsque nous devons respecter une obligation légale (« Obligation légale
					»).
Lorsque cela est nécessaire pour nos intérêts légitimes (ou ceux d'un tiers) et que 					vos intérêts et droits fondamentaux ne prévalent pas sur ces intérêts (« 					Intérêts légitimes »).

Dans le cas où vous ne fournissez pas certaines informations lorsqu'elles sont demandées, il se peut 				que nous ne soyons pas en mesure d'évaluer votre admissibilité ou votre aptitude à occuper un 				poste ouvert, ou que nous soyons empêchés de nous conformer à nos obligations légales.
			
Les Données à Caractère Personnel ne seront utilisées qu'aux fins pour lesquelles nous 				les avons collectées, sauf si nous considérons raisonnablement la nécessité de les 				utiliser pour une autre raison et que cette raison est compatible avec la finalité initiale. Si nous devons 				utiliser vos Données Personnelles à des fins non liées, nous vous en informerons et nous 				expliquerons le fondement juridique qui nous permet de le faire.
Veuillez noter que nous pouvons traiter vos Données Personnelles à votre insu ou sans votre 				consentement, dans le respect des règles ci-dessus, lorsque cela est exigé ou autorisé par la 				loi.
Il est important que les Données Personnelles que nous détenons à votre sujet soient exactes et 				à jour. Veuillez nous tenir informés des modifications apportées à vos Données 				Personnelles au cours de votre candidature.
 E. Partage des données :
Il se peut que nous devions partager vos données avec des tiers, y compris des Prestataires de services tiers 				et d'autres entités de Moon Active.
Nous demandons aux tiers de respecter la sécurité de vos données et de les traiter 				conformément à la loi. Il est possible que nous transférions vos Données Personnelles en 				dehors de l'UE, et si nous le faisons, nous nous assurerons que vos Données Personnelles sont 				protégées de manière adéquate. Veuillez consulter l'article 10 de notre Politique de 				confidentialité pour en savoir plus. 

Pourquoi partagez-vous mes Données Personnelles avec des tiers ?Nous partagerons vos 					Données Personnelles avec des tiers lorsque la loi l'exige, lorsque cela est nécessaire pour 					gérer la relation de travail avec vous ou lorsque nous avons un autre intérêt 					légitime à le faire.
Quels sont les Prestataires de services tiers qui traitent mes Données Personnelles 						?« Tiers » comprend les Prestataires de services tiers (y compris les entrepreneurs 					et les agents délégués). Les Prestataires de services suivants traitent les Données 					Personnelles vous concernant aux fins suivantes :
					
Comeet – recrutement


Mes informations sont-elles sécurisées avec les Prestataires de services et les autres 						entités de notre groupe ?Tous nos Prestataires de services sont tenus de prendre des 					mesures de sécurité appropriées pour protéger vos Données Personnelles 					conformément à nos politiques. Nous n'autorisons pas nos Prestataires de services à 					utiliser vos Données Personnelles à leurs propres fins. Nous leur autorisons à traiter vos 					données personnelles uniquement à des fins spécifiques et conformément à nos 					instructions.
Qu'en est-il des autres tiers ?Nous pouvons être amenés à partager vos 					Données Personnelles avec une autorité de régulation ou pour nous conformer à la 					loi.

F. Droits d'accès, de rectification, d'effacement et de limitation 
Si vous êtes un résident de l'EEE ou du Royaume-Uni, vous pouvez, dans certains cas, 				bénéficier des droits des personnes concernées définis à l'article 9 de notre 				Politique de confidentialité. Si vous souhaitez consulter, vérifier, corriger ou demander l'effacement 				de vos Données Personnelles, vous opposer au traitement de vos données personnelles, ou nous demander 				de transférer une copie de vos Données Personnelles vers un tiers, veuillez consulter l'article 9 de 				la présente Politique de Confidentialité.
G. Conservation des données
Nous ne conserverons vos Données Personnelles que pour la durée nécessaire à la 				réalisation des objectifs pour lesquels nous les avons collectées, y compris pour satisfaire à 				toute exigence légale, comptable ou de reporting conformément aux lois et réglementations 				applicables. Pour déterminer la période de conservation adéquate des données 				personnelles, nous tenons compte de la quantité, de la nature et de la sensibilité des données 				personnelles, du risque potentiel de préjudice lié à l'utilisation ou à la divulgation 				non autorisée de vos données personnelles, des objectifs pour lesquels nous traitons vos 				données personnelles, de la possibilité d'atteindre ces objectifs par d'autres moyens et des exigences 				légales applicables. Lorsque nous n'avons plus besoin des données des candidats, nous conservons et 				détruisons en toute sécurité vos Données Personnelles conformément aux lois et 				réglementations en vigueur.
H. Nous contacter
Vous pouvez nous contacter pour toute question ou problème en utilisant les détails de l'article 14 de 				notre Politique de confidentialité.




Moon Active – Informativa sulla privacy
Ultima revisione: giugno 2023
Moon Active Ltd assieme alle sue sussidiarie ed i suoi affiliati (collettivamente “Moon 					Active”, “noi”, ”nostro/a/i/e” o 				“noialtri/ci”) sviluppa, pubblica e gestisce giochi social per 				ambienti Web e dispositivi mobili “Giochi”), nonché applicazioni Web e mobili 				(ciascuna, una “App”) per giocare ai nostri Giochi su più dispositivi e 				piattaforme (come dispositivi mobili e Facebook).
Gestiamo inoltre i siti web www.moonactive.com, 				www.melsoft-games.com e i 				rispettivi sottodomini e funzionalità correlate, così come un negozio online (collettivamente, 				“Siti” e, insieme a Giochi e App, collettivamente - i 				“Servizi”).
Moon Active rispetta la privacy dell’Utente e si impegna a rendere le proprie pratiche relative ai dati 				dell’Utente più trasparenti ed eque. La presente Informativa sulla privacy descrive il modo in cui 				raccogliamo, archiviamo, utilizziamo e condividiamo i dati personali dell’Utente e si applica ogni volta che 				l’Utente visita il nostro Sito, installa la nostra App e gioca ai nostri Giochi, interagisce con noi o 				altrimenti accede o utilizza i nostri Servizi.
Consigliamo vivamente di leggere la presente Informativa sulla privacy e di assicurarsi di averla pienamente 					compresa e accettata. Se non si accetta la presente Informativa sulla privacy, si prega di interrompere 					l’utilizzo ed evitare di utilizzare i nostri Servizi. L’Utente ha il diritto di interrompere 					l’utilizzo dei nostro Servizi, in conformità alla presente Informativa sulla privacy in qualsiasi 					momento.
Moon Active è un “titolare del trattamento”. Ciò significa che siamo responsabili di 				decidere come conserviamo e utilizziamo i Dati personali degli Utenti. In base a determinate leggi sulla protezione 				dei dati, siamo tenuti a dare notizia all’utente delle informazioni contenute nella presente Informativa sulla 				privacy. L’Utente non è legalmente obbligato a fornirci alcun Dato personale, ma senza di essi non 				saremo in grado di fornire l’intera gamma o la migliore esperienza di utilizzo dei nostri Servizi (ad esempio, 				l’Utente può comunque giocare ai nostri Giochi senza collegare il proprio account Facebook, ma non 				potrà usufruire delle sue funzionalità social).

Raccolta dei dati
Usi dei dati
Archiviazione e conservazione
Cancellazione dei Dati personali e Chiusura degli 						Account
Condivisione dati
Comunicazioni
Sicurezza dei dati
Cookie e Tecnologie di tracciamento
Pubblicità
Diritti dell'interessato - Spazio economico europeo, Svizzera e Regno Unito

Trasferimenti di dati
Minori
Correzioni e versione di riferimento
Come contattarci

 1. Raccolta dei dati
Raccogliamo quattro categorie principali di dati (e nella misura in cui tali dati possano consentire 				l’identificazione di una persona specifica o tale persona sia collegata a tali dati potenzialmente 				identificativi, li considereremo “Dati personali”):

Dati raccolti o generati automaticamente:Quando qualcuno visita, interagisce con o 					utilizza i nostri Servizi, inclusi eventuali messaggi di posta elettronica o di testo inviati da noi o tramite i 					nostri Servizi, possiamo raccogliere o generare dati tecnici su tale visitatore. Raccogliamo o generiamo tali 					dati in modo indipendente o con l’aiuto di servizi di terze parti, anche attraverso l’utilizzo di 					“cookie” e di altre tecnologie di tracciamento (come ulteriormente spiegato in seguito).Tali 					dati consistono in dati di connettività, dati tecnici o di utilizzo aggregati, come indirizzo IP, 					identificatore in un gioco, dati statistici dei giochi, preferenze di gioco, ID pubblicità univoci (ad 					esempio, IDFA; è possibile reimpostare tale ID attenendosi alle istruzioni del sistema operativo), dati 					non identificativi relativi a un dispositivo, un sistema operativo, un browser o alla versione di un’App, 					al gestore di telefonia mobile, alle impostazioni internazionali e di lingua, alle attività 					dell’Utente sui nostri Servizi e attività all’interno dell’App o del Gioco (come i dati 					riferiti all'interazione del contenuto/prodotto della giocabilità e dati pubblicitari); dati di 					diagnostica (ad esempio, i dati riferiti a crash e alla performance dei giochi). Non utilizziamo tali dati per 					conoscere la vera identità o i dettagli di contatto di una persona, ma principalmente per comprendere 					meglio come i nostri Utenti utilizzano e interagiscono con i nostri Servizi. L’utilizzo di tali dati 					tecnici e riguardanti i dispositivi aiuta inoltre noi e i nostri partner a fornire pubblicità e contenuti 					basati sugli interessi o comunque più efficaci, per ottimizzare la nostra gestione degli annunci e 					l’esperienza di visualizzazione dei nostri Utenti, nonché per migliorare le prestazioni generali e 					l’esperienza dell’Utente dei nostri Servizi. Per ulteriori informazioni sui nostri usi pubblicitari, 					consultare la Sezione 8 seguente.
Dati ricevuti dall’Utente:L’Utente può fornirci Dati personali 					volontariamente, ad esempio, quando configura un Account presso di noi, ci contatta (tramite Facebook, 					Messenger, e-mail, chat all’interno del Gioco o qualsiasi altro canale, compresi eventuali servizi di 					supporto), quando pubblica sui nostri forum o gruppi pubblici, quando ci fornisce il proprio indirizzo di posta 					elettronica (ad esempio, quando si iscrive per ricevere aggiornamenti o regali via e-mail), quando partecipa a 					gare, concorsi, tornei e ad altre promozioni, quando effettua acquisti in uno qualsiasi dei nostri Giochi, 					quando interagisce con altri Utenti attraverso la chat all’interno del Gioco o quando sceglie di 					connettere il proprio account Facebook, Google, Apple o simili a uno dei nostri Giochi.
Dati ricevuti da Facebook e altri canaliUna volta che l’Utente avrà 					collegato i Giochi al proprio account Facebook, Google, Apple o simili, avremo accesso al suo profilo pubblico, 					incluso (nella misura in cui l’Utente lo abbia definito come “pubblico”), come pertinente, il 					suo nome completo, l’(gli) indirizzo(i) e-mail fornito(i) a Facebook, Google o Apple, il sesso, la foto 					del profilo o foto simile, la località, il fuso orario e un elenco dei suoi amici mentre giocano ai 					Giochi (assieme alle loro foto e altre informazioni di profilo pubbliche). Questo ci consentirà anche di 					presentare le foto del profilo pubblico dell’Utente e dei propri amici all’interno dei Giochi e di 					creare un proprio elenco di amici all’interno del Gioco. Inoltre, noi o i nostri partner pubblicitari 					potremmo ricevere da Facebook e dai nostri altri canali di marketing informazioni generali sull’esecuzione 					delle nostre campagne pubblicitarie, come la fascia d’età o gli interessi target e noi o i nostri 					partner potremmo essere in grado di collegare tali dati generali a qualsiasi altro dato in nostro possesso (per 					ulteriori informazioni sulle nostre prassi pubblicitarie, invitiamo a far riferimento alla Sezione 8 					seguente).Se si accede ai nostri Servizi tramite una terza parte come Facebook, Google o Apple o si 					connettono i nostri Servizi a qualsiasi account di terze parti, l’Utente è altresì invitato 					a leggere le condizioni e l’informativa sulla privacy di tali terze parti. Se non si è certi delle 					informazioni che un’applicazione di terze parti sta condividendo con noi, si prega di visitare il sito Web 					di tale applicazione di terze parti per saperne di più sulle loro prassi riguardanti la privacy.
Dati di transazioni:Gli acquisti all’interno del Gioco vengono generalmente 					elaborati dal fornitore della piattaforma pertinente (ad es. Apple, Google o Facebook) e non raccoglieremo o 					memorizzeremo i dati finanziari dell’Utente, ad es. i numeri della sua carta di credito o il suo conto 					bancario. Potremmo comunque ricevere i dati personali non finanziari dell’Utente relativi 					all’acquisto, come il suo nome, l’indirizzo di fatturazione, l’indirizzo e-mail e gli articoli 					acquistati, al fine di soddisfare il suo acquisto e per i nostri scopi contabili.

 2. Usi dei dati
I nostri fondamenti legali per la raccolta e l’utilizzo dei Dati personali dell’Utente dipenderanno dalla 				particolare finalità di trattamento dei dati dell’Utente; tuttavia, generalmente ci basiamo su quanto 				segue:

Esecuzione di un contratto: Utilizzeremo questo fondamento per il trattamento dei dati necessari per 					mettere a disposizione dell’Utente i Giochi, incluso il social gaming quando sceglie di accedere con 					Facebook, Google o Apple e i servizi di supporto, nonché per inviare comunicazioni di servizio, premi e 					ricompense.
Consenso: In casi limitati (in cui l’Utente sceglie di registrarsi per ricevere e-mail di 					marketing diretto e accetta i cookie sui nostri Siti) elaboreremo i Dati personali in base al consenso 					dell’Utente.  L’Utente può revocare il proprio consenso in qualsiasi momento 					contattandoci utilizzando i dettagli nella Sezione 13.
Legittimi interessi: Tratteremo i Dati personali dell’Utente in base ai nostri legittimi 					interessi per mantenere e migliorare i nostri Servizi e le nostre offerte, per comprendere come vengono 					utilizzati i nostri Servizi, per pubblicare annunci pubblicitari efficaci all'interno dei nostri Giochi e 					attraverso altri canali, per abbinare gli Utenti e creare così elenchi di Amici nei Giochi, per offrire 					annunci pubblicitari efficaci all’interno dei nostri Giochi e attraverso altri canali, per migliorare il 					nostro Servizio clienti e le operazioni di supporto, nonché per identificare frodi e proteggere e 					assicurare i nostri Utenti, noi stessi e i nostri Servizi.
Rispetto di un obbligo legale: In casi limitati, potremmo trattare i Dati personali dell’Utente 					laddove necessario per adempiere a un obbligo legale, ad esempio, stabilito da una legge vigente o qualora 					ricevessimo un’ordinanza da un tribunale o da un ente normativo.

Le finalità per le quali utilizziamo i Dati personali sono descritte più dettagliatamente di seguito:
			

facilitare, gestire e fornire i nostri Servizi;
autenticare l’identità dei nostri giocatori e consentire loro l’accesso a funzionalità 					aggiuntive;
fornire ai nostri utenti servizi di assistenza clienti, assistenza e supporto tecnico;
consentire all’Utente di interagire con altri giocatori all’interno del Gioco;
sviluppare, personalizzare e migliorare ulteriormente i Servizi e l’esperienza dell’Utente, sulla 					base di preferenze, esperienze e difficoltà comuni o personali, inclusa la personalizzazione del profilo 					dell’Utente e della sua lista di amici;
gestire e distribuire annunci pubblicitari in modo più efficace, inclusa la pubblicità 					contestuale, comportamentale e basata sugli interessi in base allo stato di avanzamento dei Giochi e alle 					attività, in base alle preferenze dell’Utente o ad altri dati a disposizione nostra o dei nostri 					Fornitori di Servizi, anche a fini di retargeting;
contattare i nostri utenti (via e-mail, Facebook, notifiche push o altri canali disponibili) con messaggi 					generali o personalizzati relativi al Servizio (come conferme di acquisto o avvisi di manutenzione del sistema); 					contattare i nostri Utenti con messaggi promozionali (come aggiornamenti dei Giochi, bonus, nuove 					funzionalità, servizi VIP ecc.) e facilitare, sponsorizzare e offrire determinati eventi e promozioni; 				
supportare e migliorare le nostre misure di sicurezza dei dati, anche al fine di prevenire e mitigare i rischi 					di frode, errore o qualsiasi attività illegale o proibita;
creare dati statistici aggregati, dati non personali dedotti o dati anonimi o pseudonimizzati (resi non 					personali), che noi o i nostri Fornitori di Servizi possiamo utilizzare per fornire e migliorare i nostri 					rispettivi servizi; e
rispettare tutte le leggi e tutti i regolamenti vigenti.

3. Archiviazione e conservazione
Sebbene le leggi sulla privacy possano variare tra le giurisdizioni, Moon Active ha adottato misure ragionevoli per 				garantire che i Dati personali dell'Utente siano trattati dalle sue affiliate e dai Fornitori di Servizi in modo 				sicuro e legale e in conformità con le pratiche comuni del settore, indipendentemente da eventuali requisiti 				legali meno stringenti che possano applicarsi nella loro giurisdizione.
Conserviamo i Dati personali dell'Utente al fine della sua affiliazione e per fornirgli i nostri Servizi.
				Conserveremo i  Dati personali dell'utente solo per il tempo necessario a soddisfare le finalità per le 				quali li abbiamo raccolti. In altre parole, conserveremo i Dati personali dell'utente per tutto il tempo in cui 				rimarrà nostro utente e non ci comunicherà diversamente. Adotteremo misure ragionevoli per eliminare i 				Dati personali dell'utente se cancellerà il proprio account. Potremmo anche conservare i Dati personali 				dell'utente per scopi legali e contabili (ovvero, come richiesto dalle leggi applicabili alla registrazione e alla 				contabilità, e al fine di avere prove e riscontri riguardanti il nostro rapporto, qualora dovessero sorgere 				problemi legali a seguito della interruzione dell'uso da parte dell'utente), in conformità con la nostra 				politica di conservazione dei dati. In caso di domande sulla nostra Politica di Conservazione dei Dati, l'utente 				può contattarci all'indirizzo: https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/it.
L'utente deve considerare che, salvo quanto richiesto dalla legge applicabile, non saremo obbligati a conservare i 				suoi dati per un periodo particolare e saremo liberi di eliminarli in modo sicuro per qualsiasi motivo e in 				qualsiasi momento, con o senza preavviso.
In alcune circostanze, potremmo rendere anonimi i Dati personali dell’Utente in modo che non possano più 				essere associati ad esso, nel qual caso potremmo utilizzare tali informazioni senza ulteriore preavviso ed esse non 				saranno più considerate Dati Personali ai sensi della presente Informativa sulla Privacy.
4. Cancellazione dei dati personali e chiusura degli 					account
In aggiunta a qualsiasi altro diritto stabilito nella presente Informativa sulla privacy (ad eccezione di quanto 				stabilito nell'Addendum sulla Privacy del Candidato), l'Utente può in qualsiasi momento richiedere a Moon 				Active di eliminare i propri Dati personali accedendo al pulsante "Cancellazione dell'account" nel Gioco applicabile 				e seguendo le istruzioni. La selezione di questa opzione comporterà la chiusura dell'Account dell'Utente e la 				cancellazione di tutta la sua cronologia di gioco, informazioni sugli acquisti, accesso ai social media e altre 				informazioni ad esso associate in relazione al Gioco. La cancellazione è irreversibile. Se l'Utente mantiene 				più Account su più Giochi, deve richiedere la chiusura di ciascuno di essi.
Dopo aver ricevuto la richiesta dell'Utente, ci atterremo tempestivamente, ma va considerato che ci vorrà un 				po’ di tempo per l'elaborazione. Ci riserviamo inoltre il diritto di conservare una copia di tutti i Dati 				personali che la legge applicabile ci impone di conservare.
 5. Condivisione dei dati
Potremmo condividere i dati dell’Utente con determinate terze parti, comprese le forze dell’ordine, i 				nostri Fornitori di Servizi e le nostre affiliate. Le circostanze in cui condividiamo i dati sono riepilogate 				di seguito:

Conformità a leggi, provvedimenti giudiziari e autorità.Potremmo divulgare o 					consentire a funzionari governativi e di contrasto l’accesso a determinati Dati personali, in risposta a 					una citazione, un mandato di perquisizione o un’ordinanza del tribunale (o requisiti simili) o in 					conformità alle leggi e ai regolamenti vigenti, anche a fini di sicurezza nazionale. Tale divulgazione o 					accesso può avvenire con o senza preavviso all’Utente, se riteniamo in buona fede che siamo 					legalmente obbligati a farlo o che la divulgazione sia appropriata in relazione alle iniziative volte a 					indagare, prevenire o intraprendere azioni riguardanti effettive o sospette attività illegali, frodi o 					altri illeciti.
Fornitori di Servizi. Potremmo coinvolgere società, contractor e soggetti terzi 					selezionati ai fini dell’esecuzione dei Servizi complementari ai nostri (ad es. servizi di hosting, 					servizi di analisi dei dati, agenzie di marketing e servizi e strumenti pubblicitari, servizi di sicurezza dei 					dati e informatica, servizi di rilevamento e prevenzione delle frodi, servizi di elaborazione dei pagamenti, 					partner addetti all’assistenza clienti, moderatori o collaudatori esterni, servizi di coinvolgimento degli 					utenti, distribuzione e monitoraggio della posta elettronica, registrazione delle sessioni e consulenti 					aziendali, legali, finanziari e di conformità (collettivamente, “Fornitori di 						Servizi”). Questi Fornitori di Servizi possono avere accesso ai Dati personali 					dell’Utente, a seconda di ciascuno dei loro ruoli e scopi specifici nel facilitare e integrare i nostri 					Servizi e possono utilizzare i Dati personali dell’Utente per gli scopi per cui li abbiamo istruiti. Noi 					potremmo inoltre anche condividere con i nostri Fornitori di servizi anche informazioni anonime, statistiche o 					in forma aggregata per legittimi motivi aziendali.
Integrazioni di terze parti. I Servizi consentono di integrare l’Utente con determinati 					Servizi di terze parti, ad esempio per connettere il proprio account Facebook, Google o Apple a un determinato 					Gioco, accedere con Facebook, Google o Apple o effettuare acquisti, nel qual caso l’Utente sarà 					vincolato dai termini e dalle condizioni e dalle informative sulla privacy di tali terze parti (ad es. Apple, 					Google o Facebook), pertanto, l’Utente deve assicurarsi di leggere e accettare tali condizioni in 					anticipo. Non riceviamo o archiviamo le password dell’Utente per nessuno di questi Servizi di terze parti.
				
Tutela dei diritti e della sicurezza. Possiamo condividere i Dati personali dell’Utente 					con terzi, con o senza preavviso, se riteniamo in buona fede che ciò contribuirà a proteggere i 					diritti, la proprietà o la sicurezza personale di Moon Active, dei nostri utenti o dei membri del 					pubblico in generale.
Società controllate e affiliate Moon Active. Possiamo condividere i Dati 					personali internamente all’interno della nostra famiglia di società, per gli scopi descritti nella 					presente Informativa sulla privacy. Inoltre, qualora Moon Active o una delle sue affiliate dovessero subire 					cambiamenti nel controllo, anche mediante fusione, acquisizione o acquisto di sostanzialmente tutti i suoi beni, 					i Dati personali dell’Utente potrebbero essere condivisi con le parti coinvolte in tale evento. Se 					riteniamo che tale cambiamento nel controllo possa influenzare materialmente i Dati personali dell’Utente 					archiviati presso di noi, informeremo l’Utente di questo evento e delle scelte che potrebbe avere tramite 					e-mail e/o avviso rilevante sui nostri Servizi.

 
Per scrupolo di chiarezza, Moon Active può condividere i Dati personali dell’Utente in ulteriori modi, 				in base all’esplicita approvazione dell’Utente, o se è legalmente obbligata a farlo, o se ha reso 				correttamente tali dati non personali e anonimi. La società può trasferire, condividere o altrimenti 				utilizzare dati non personali a propria esclusiva discrezione e senza la necessità di ulteriore approvazione.
			
6. Comunicazioni

Comunicazioni di servizio: potremmo contattare l’Utente per comunicare informazioni importanti 					riguardanti i nostri Servizi. Ad esempio, potremmo informare (tramite uno qualsiasi dei mezzi a nostra 					disposizione) di modifiche o aggiornamenti ai nostri Servizi, problemi di fatturazione, ecc. L’Utente non 					potrà annullare la ricezione di tali comunicazioni di Servizio.
Comunicazioni promozionali: qualora l’Utente si sia registrato per ricevere tali comunicazioni da 					parte nostra, potremmo anche avvisare in merito all’uscita di nuovi Servizi, eventi e opportunità 					speciali o qualsiasi altra informazione che riteniamo possa essere utile. Potremmo fornire tali avvisi tramite 					qualsiasi mezzo di contatto a nostra disposizione (ad esempio, telefono, cellulare o e-mail), tramite i Servizi 					o attraverso le nostre campagne di marketing su qualsiasi altro sito o piattaforma.

L’Utente ha il diritto di revocare il proprio consenso a ricevere tali comunicazioni promozionali in qualsiasi 				momento. Può farlo contattandoci all’indirizzo https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/it o seguendo le 				istruzioni “annulla iscrizione”, “interrompi” o “modifica le preferenze e-mail” 				nelle comunicazioni promozionali che riceve.
7. Sicurezza dei dati
Al fine di proteggere i Dati personali dell’Utente detenuti da noi e dai nostri fornitori di Servizi, 				utilizziamo misure di sicurezza fisiche, procedurali ed elettroniche standard del settore, inclusa la crittografia 				ove ritenuto appropriato. Tuttavia, l'utente deve considerare che, indipendentemente dalle misure di sicurezza 				utilizzate, non possiamo e non garantiamo l'assoluta protezione e sicurezza dei Dati Personali archiviati con noi o 				con terze parti. Se l'utente riscontra problemi di sicurezza o vulnerabilità relativi ai Servizi, deve 				inviare un'e-mail a info@moonactive.com.
 8. Cookie e Tecnologie di tracciamento
I nostri Servizi e alcuni dei nostri Fornitori di servizi utilizzano "cookie", identificatori anonimi e altre 				tecnologie di tracciamento (collettivamente, "Tecnologie di tracciamento") che ci aiutano a fornire 				e migliorare i nostri Servizi, personalizzare l’esperienza dell’Utente e monitorare le prestazioni delle 				nostre attività e campagne, ma anche l'utilizzo delle nostre app, Giochi e Servizi nel loro insieme. Per 				maggiori informazioni, visitare la nostra Informativa sui 					Cookie.
 9. Pubblicità
I nostri giochi includono pubblicità per servizi e prodotti di terze parti. Noi e i nostri partner 				pubblicitari utilizziamo determinati dati sull'Utente al fine di migliorare le nostre pratiche pubblicitarie e 				rendere gli annunci che forniamo più efficaci, pertinenti e divertenti, anche implementando pubblicità 				basata sugli interessi, nonché sistemi di targeting e misurazione e di attribuzione degli annunci.
Tali dati includono gli identificatori pubblicitari del dispositivo dell'utente (ad es. IDFA o ID pubblicità, 				nella misura in cui sono disponibili), i dati relativi al suo profilo Facebook, Google o Apple connesso (se 				presente, come sesso, regione o paese), contenuti di gioco, utente ID in-game, dati sull'interazione del prodotto e 				altre informazioni demografiche e basate sugli interessi che noi o i nostri partner pubblicitari potremmo aver 				ricevuto da o sull'Utente, sulla base del suo consenso o su altra base legale (ovvero, come richiesto per fornirgli 				i nostri rispettivi servizi, o in base agli interessi legittimi sopra descritti).
Gli annunci forniti da noi o dai nostri partner pubblicitari possono essere mostrati all'interno dei nostri Giochi, 				dei nostri Servizi o tramite altri canali, come siti web e applicazioni di terze parti.
La presente Informativa sulla privacy non si applica alle pratiche di società che non possediamo o 				controlliamo, né ai dipendenti o fornitori di servizi che non gestiamo. Qualsiasi informazione fornita a 				siti, applicazioni o servizi pubblicizzati tramite i nostri Servizi sarà coperta dalle politiche sulla 				privacy applicabili specificate in esse. L'Utente deve assicurarsi di leggere le informative sulla privacy di 				qualsiasi applicazione, servizio e sito di terze parti che visita o di fornire il permesso di accedere alle sue 				informazioni. È responsabilità di tali terze parti proteggere le informazioni fornite loro, quindi non 				saremo ritenuti responsabili per il loro utilizzo delle informazioni di identificazione personale. Per saperne di 				più, visitare la nostra Informativa sui Cookie.

Come modificare le proprie preferenze in merito alla pubblicità basata sugli interessiSe 					l'Utente desidera impedire l'uso dell'ID pubblicitario del proprio dispositivo o di altri identificatori per la 					pubblicità basata sugli interessi, può modificare le impostazioni del proprio dispositivo per 					reimpostare tale ID pubblicitario o disattivare tale pubblicità (in genere, sono disponibili nella 					sezione "Privacy" o sezione "Annunci" nelle impostazioni del dispositivo). Se l'Utente vive negli Stati Uniti, 					in Canada o in Europa, può anche rinunciare alla raccolta dei propri dati da parte dei nostri partner 					pubblicitari che partecipano alla Digital Advertising Alliance, visitando www.aboutads.info/choices (per gli 					utenti statunitensi), www.youradchoices.ca/choices (per gli utenti canadesi), www.youronlinechoices.eu (per gli utenti europei)L'Utente 					deve considerare che nel caso in cui reimposti il proprio ID per la pubblicità o annulli la 					pubblicità basata sugli interessi, potrebbe comunque visualizzare annunci pubblicitari nei nostri Giochi 					o su qualsiasi altro canale, ma tali annunci non verranno scelti in base agli identificatori sopra menzionati.
					Ad esempio, tali annunci potrebbero essere invece basati sul contesto, come i suoi progressi e le tue azioni nei 					Giochi, o le sue preferenze linguistiche. L'utente deve considerare che tali azioni possono comportare 					un'esperienza utente meno piacevole.
 Informazioni aggregate ed analiticheUtilizziamo gli strumenti di analisi standard di Google 					Analytics e potremmo utilizzare altri strumenti di analisi di volta in volta. Le pratiche sulla privacy di 					questi strumenti sono soggette alle rispettive informative sulla privacy. Per saperne di più, 					l’Utente può consultare la nostra Informativa sui Cookie.
Prodotti GoogleGoogle utilizza tecnologie come i cookie per tracciare e analizzare l'utilizzo del 					nostro Sito e/o un SDK per pubblicare annunci all'interno dei nostri Giochi. Per ulteriori informazioni su come 					Google elabora i dati, consigliamo di consultare le norme di Google disponibili all'indirizzo:
					https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites. Per ulteriori informazioni, consultare lo strumento web 					per la disattivazione di Google Analytics disponibile all'indirizzo: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
					Per ulteriori informazioni sui dati che Google SDK elabora e memorizza, vedere:
					https://support.google.com/admob/answer/7665968

10. Diritti dell'interessato – Spazio economico europeo, Svizzera e 					Regno Unito
Se l'utente risiede nello Spazio economico europeo (SEE), in Svizzera o nel Regno Unito (Regno Unito) su cui 				trattiamo i Dati personali, ha il diritto di:

Richiedere l'accesso ai propri Dati Personali (comunemente noto come "richiesta di accesso 					dell'interessato"). Ciò consente di ricevere una copia dei Dati Personali dell’Utente che deteniamo 					e di verificare che li stiamo elaborando legalmente.
Richiedere la correzione dei Dati Personali sull’Utente che conserviamo. Ciò 					consente all’Utente di correggere tutte le informazioni incomplete o imprecise che conserviamo.
Richiedere la cancellazione dei propri Dati Personali. Ciò gli consente di chiederci di 					eliminare o rimuovere i Dati personali laddove non vi siano validi motivi per continuare a elaborarli.
					L’Utente ha anche il diritto di chiederci di cancellare o rimuovere i propri Dati Personali laddove abbia 					esercitato il proprio diritto di opporsi al trattamento (vedasi sotto).
Opporsi al trattamento dei suoi Dati personali in caso di un nostro interesse legittimo (o su 					quelli di terzi) e ci sia qualcosa nella sua situazione particolare che gli fa scegliere di opporsi al 					trattamento per questo motivo. Ha anche il diritto di opporsi al trattamento dei propri Dati personali da parte 					nostra per scopi di marketing diretto.
Richiedere la limitazione del trattamento dei propri Dati personali. Ciò gli consente di 					chiederci di sospendere il trattamento dei suoi Dati personali, ad esempio se desidera che ne stabiliamo 					l'esattezza o il motivo del trattamento.
Richiedere il trasferimento dei propri Dati personali ad un'altra parte.
Di solito non è richiesto alcuna commissione.L’Utente non dovrà 					pagare alcun costo per accedere ai propri Dati personali (o per esercitare uno qualsiasi degli altri diritti).
					Tuttavia, potremmo addebitargli una commissione ragionevole se la sua richiesta di accesso sia chiaramente 					infondata o eccessiva. In alternativa, potremmo rifiutarci di soddisfare la richiesta in tali circostanze.
Cosa potremmo richiedere all’utente.Potremmo aver bisogno di richiedere 					all’Utente delle informazioni specifiche per aiutarci a confermare la sua identità e garantire il 					suo diritto di accedere alle informazioni (o di esercitare uno qualsiasi dei suoi altri diritti). Questa 					è un'altra misura di sicurezza adeguata per garantire che i Dati personali non siano divulgati a persone 					che non hanno diritto a riceverli.
Diritto di revocare il consenso.Nelle limitate circostanze in cui l’Utente possa 					aver fornito il proprio consenso alla raccolta, al trattamento e al trasferimento dei suoi Dati personali per 					uno scopo specifico, egli ha il diritto di revocare il consenso per quel trattamento specifico in qualsiasi 					momento. Per revocare il  consenso, basta contattare info@moonactive.com. Dopo aver ricevuto la notifica 					che l’utente ha revocato il consenso, non elaboreremo più le sue informazioni per lo scopo o gli 					scopi originariamente concordati, a meno che non abbiamo un'altra base legittima per farlo legalmente.

Se l'Utente desidera esercitare i propri diritti ai sensi della legge applicabile (ad esempio, il Regolamento 				generale sulla protezione dei dati (GDPR) o il GDPR del Regno Unito), può contattarci qui.
Se l'Utente risiede nella EEA o in UK, può anche contattare il nostro rappresentante nella EEA o UK a: dpr@moonactive.com
Se l'Utente desidera gestire le informazioni che riceviamo su di lui da un'applicazione o piattaforma di terze parti 				in cui gioca con i nostri Giochi, come Facebook, Apple o Google, può seguire le istruzioni dell'applicazione 				di terze parti per aggiornare le proprie informazioni e modificare le proprie impostazioni sulla privacy.
L'utente ha il diritto di presentare reclami a un'autorità di controllo della protezione dei dati. Per i 				residenti nella EEA, si possono trovare i dettagli della propria autorità di vigilanza nazionale su https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en.
					 I residenti nel Regno Unito possono contattare l'Information Commissioner's Office su  https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
 11. Trasferimenti di dati 
I Dati personali dell’Utente possono essere conservati, elaborati, consultati e archiviati da Moon Active e 				dalle proprie affiliate e Fornitori di Servizi autorizzati negli e dagli Stati Uniti e in altre giurisdizioni, se 				necessario per la corretta fornitura dei Servizi, o come richiesto dalla legge. Moon Active ha sede in una 				giurisdizione considerata dalle autorità del Regno Unito, della Svizzera e della Commissione Europea in grado 				di offrire un livello di protezione adeguato per i Dati personali dei residenti nel EEA  e in UK.
Potremmo trasferire i Dati personali che raccogliamo sull’Utente al di fuori dell’EEA, della Svizzera o 				dell’UK al fine di eseguire il nostro contratto con l’Utente. Per garantire che i suoi Dati Personali 				ricevano un livello di protezione adeguato, abbiamo messo in atto le seguenti misure per garantire che i Dati 				Personali siano trattati da tali terze parti in modo coerente e rispettoso delle leggi dell'UE e del Regno Unito 				sulla protezione dei dati: clausole contrattuali tipo e paesi che sono oggetto di una determinazione di adeguatezza 				dell'UE. Se l’Utente ha bisogno  di ulteriori informazioni sulle misure di protezione, può 				contattarci utilizzando i dati nella Sezione 13.
 12. Minori
I seguenti giochi sono disponibili per le persone di età pari o superiore a sedici (16) anni: ”My 				Café: Recipes and stories”, “Toy Defense”, “Toy Defense 2”, “Toy Defense:
				Fantasy”, “Fish Now.io”, “Kitchen Stars”, “Family Island”, “My Pizza 				Restaurant”, “Zen Match”, “Travel Town”
Tutti gli altri Giochi e Servizi sono disponibili solo per le persone che hanno più di diciotto (18) anni o la 				maggiore età nella propria giurisdizione.
Ci riserviamo il diritto di richiedere la prova dell'età o il consenso dei genitori in qualsiasi momento.
				Possiamo bloccare gli Utenti che sospettiamo abbiano meno dell'età applicabile. Non raccogliamo 				consapevolmente Dati personali da minori e non desideriamo farlo. Se veniamo a conoscenza che un minore sta 				utilizzando i Servizi o sta giocando a uno qualsiasi dei nostri Giochi, potremmo vietare e bloccare tale utilizzo e 				faremo tutto il possibile per eliminare tempestivamente tutti i Dati personali archiviati presso di noi in relazione 				a tale minore.
Se l'utente ritiene che potremmo avere tali dati, lo preghiamo di contattarci su: https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/it
 13. Correzioni e versione di riferimento
Di tanto in tanto potremmo modificare la presente Informativa sulla privacy pubblicando una versione modificata sui 				nostri Servizi. La versione modificata sarà efficace a partire dalla data di entrata in vigore pubblicata.
				Forniremo un preavviso in caso di modifiche sostanziali, tramite uno qualsiasi dei mezzi di comunicazione a nostra 				disposizione o sui Servizi. Trascorso tale periodo di preavviso, tutte le modifiche si riterranno accettate 				dall'utente. Se l'utente non accetta di essere vincolato dai termini della nuova o modificata Informativa sulla 				privacy, egli è tenuto a interrompere l'utilizzo dei Servizi.
L'Informativa sulla Privacy è stata redatta in lingua inglese, che è la versione originale e di 				controllo della presente Informativa sulla privacy. Tutte le traduzioni della presente Informativa sulla privacy in 				altre lingue sono esclusivamente per comodità e non controllano il significato o l'applicazione della 				presente Informativa sulla privacy. In caso di discrepanza tra il significato di eventuali versioni tradotte 				dell'Informativa sulla privacy e la versione in lingua inglese, prevale il significato della versione in lingua 				inglese.
14. Come contattarci
In caso di commenti o domande sulla presente Informativa sulla privacy o in caso di dubbi sulla propria Privacy o per 				contattare il Responsabile della Protezione dei Dati di Moon Active, utilizzare il link qui
Se l’Utente risiede nell'UE o in UK, può anche contattare il nostro rappresentante dell'UE o in UK a dpr@moonactive.com
 
 
ALLEGATO A
Addendum sulla Privacy dei Candidati
 
Moon Active si impegna a proteggere la privacy e la sicurezza dei Dati personali degli Utenti. Il presente Addendum 				sulla Privacy dei Candidati descrive il modo in cui raccogliamo e utilizziamo i Dati personali degli Utenti prima 				che inizi un loro rapporto di lavoro con noi, in conformità con la legislazione vigente in materia di 				protezione dei dati. Si applica a tutti i candidati a posizioni come dipendenti, lavoratori o appaltatori.
 
Il presente Addendum sulla Privacy dei Candidati si applica ai candidati che si candidano per ruoli di lavoro e come 				appaltatori presso Moon Active. Il presente Addendum sulla Privacy dei Candidati non fa parte di alcun contratto di 				lavoro o altro contratto di fornitura di servizi. Possiamo aggiornare questa informativa in qualsiasi momento.
 
È importante che l'utente legga il presente Addendum sulla Privacy del Candidato insieme alla nostra 				Informativa sulla Privacy e qualsiasi altra informativa sulla privacy che potremmo fornirgli in occasioni specifiche 				quando raccogliamo o elaboriamo Dati personali su di lui, in modo che egli sia consapevole di come e perché 				siamo utilizzando tali informazioni e quali sono i suoi diritti ai sensi della legislazione applicabile sulla 				protezione dei dati.
A. Principi di protezione dei dati:
Rispetteremo la legge sulla protezione dei dati, che richiede che i Dati personali che deteniamo sull’utente 				siano:

Utilizzati in modo lecito, equo e trasparente;
Raccolti solo per scopi validi che abbiamo spiegato chiaramente e non utilizzati in alcun modo che sia 					incompatibile con tali scopi;
Rilevanti per gli scopi di cui abbiamo parlato e limitati solo a tali scopi;
Precisi e aggiornati;
Conservati solo per il tempo necessario alle finalità di cui abbiamo parlato; e
Tenuti al sicuro.

B. Il tipo di informazioni che deteniamo sull'Utente:
Dati personali, o Dati Personali, indica qualsiasi informazione su un individuo da cui tale persona può essere 				identificata. Non include i dati in cui l'identità è stata rimossa (dati anonimi). Esistono "categorie 				speciali" di dati personali più sensibili che richiedono un livello di protezione ancora più elevato, 				come le informazioni sulla salute o sull'orientamento sessuale di una persona.
Possiamo raccogliere, archiviare e utilizzare le seguenti categorie di Dati personali sull’Utente:

Dettagli di contatto personali come nome, titolo, indirizzi, numeri di telefono e indirizzi e-mail personali.
				
Data di nascita.
Genere.
Informazioni sui parenti stretti e sui contatti di emergenza.
Posizione di lavoro o luogo di lavoro.
Informazioni sull'assunzione (comprese copie della documentazione sul diritto a lavorare, riferimenti e altre 					informazioni incluse in un CV o lettera di accompagnamento o come parte del processo di candidatura).
Documenti occupazionali (compresi titoli di lavoro, storia lavorativa, orari di lavoro, ferie, documenti di 					formazione e iscrizioni ad albi professionali).
Storico delle retribuzioni.
Informazioni sulle performance.
Informazioni disciplinari e di reclamo.
Riprese delle telecamere a circuito chiuso e altre informazioni ottenute tramite mezzi elettronici come i record 					delle schede magnetiche durante il colloquio, se del caso.
Fotografie.
Nel Regno Unito, risultati del controllo dello stato di occupazione HMRC, dettagli dell’interesse del 					Candidato anche in connessione con l'intermediario attraverso il quale vengono forniti i suoi servizi.

C. Come vengono raccolte le informazioni personali sull’Utente?
Raccogliamo Dati personali sui candidati attraverso il processo di candidatura e selezione, o direttamente dai 				candidati o talvolta da un'agenzia per l'impiego. A volte potremmo raccogliere informazioni aggiuntive da terze 				parti, inclusi ex datori di lavoro.
D. Come utilizzeremo le informazioni sull’Utente:
Utilizzeremo i Dati Personali dell’utente solo quando la legge ce lo consente e quando abbiamo un motivo legale 				per farlo. Nella maggior parte dei casi, ci basiamo sui seguenti motivi legali per elaborare i Dati Personali 				dell’Utente:

Laddove abbiamo il suo consenso a farlo ("Consenso").
Laddove abbiamo bisogno di dare esecuzione al contratto che abbiamo stipulato con lui o di adottare misure per 					stipulare un contratto con lui ("Contratto").
Laddove dobbiamo adempiere a un obbligo legale ("Obbligo legale").
Laddove sia necessario per i nostri interessi legittimi (o quelli di terzi) e i suoi interessi e diritti 					fondamentali non prevalgano su tali interessi ("Interessi legittimi").

Se l'Utente non fornisce determinate informazioni quando richiesto, potremmo non essere in grado di valutare la sua 				ammissibilità o idoneità a una posizione aperta, o potremmo essere impossibilitati ad adempiere ai 				nostri obblighi legali.
Utilizzeremo i Dati Personali dell'Utente solo per gli scopi per i quali li abbiamo raccolti, a meno che non 				riteniamo ragionevolmente di doverli utilizzare per un altro motivo e che tale motivo sia compatibile con lo scopo 				originale. Nel caso in cui avessimo bisogno di utilizzare i Dati Personali dell’Utente per uno scopo non 				correlato, lo informeremo e spiegheremo le motivazioni legali che ci consentono di farlo.
L'Utente deve tener presente che potremmo trattare i suoi Dati Personali a sua insaputa o senza il suo consenso, nel 				rispetto delle regole di cui sopra, ove ciò sia richiesto o consentito dalla legge.
È importante che i Dati Personali che deteniamo sull'Utente siano accurati e aggiornati. L'Utente deve tenerci 				informati sulle modifiche ai suoi Dati Personali durante la sua candidatura.
E. Condivisione dei dati:
Potremmo dover condividere i dati dell’Utente con terze parti, compresi Fornitori di Servizi terzi e altre 				entità all’interno di Moon Active.
Richiediamo ai terzi di rispettare la sicurezza dei dati degli Utenti e di trattarli in conformità alla legge.
			
Potremmo trasferire i dati personali degli Utenti al di fuori dell'UE e, in tal caso, ci assicureremo che tali dati 				personali siano adeguatamente protetti. Per ulteriori informazioni, consultare la sezione 10 della nostra 				Informativa sulla privacy. 

 Per quali motivi potreste condividere i Dati personali degli Utenti con terzi?Condivideremo i 					Dati personali dell’Utente con terze parti se richiesto dalla legge, se è necessario per gestire il 					rapporto di lavoro con l’Utente o se abbiamo un altro interesse legittimo a farlo.
 Quali Fornitori di Servizi terzi trattano i Dati personali degli Utenti?Il termine "terzi" 					comprende i Fornitori di Servizi terzi (compresi gli appaltatori e gli agenti designati). I seguenti Fornitori 					di servizi trattano i Dati personali dell'Utente per le seguenti finalità:
					
Comeet - reclutamento


Quanto sono sicuri i dati degli Utenti presso i Fornitori di Servizi e le altre entità del nostro 						gruppo?Tutti i nostri Fornitori di Servizi sono tenuti ad adottare misure di sicurezza adeguate 					per proteggere i Dati personali degli Utenti in linea con le nostre politiche. Non permettiamo ai nostri 					Fornitori di servizi di utilizzare i dati personali degli Utenti per i propri scopi. Consentiamo loro di 					trattare i dati personali degli Utenti solo per scopi specifici e in conformità alle nostre istruzioni.
				
 E altre terze parti?Potremmo dover condividere i dati personali degli Utenti con 					un'autorità di regolamentazione o altri per ottemperare a disposizioni di legge.

F. Diritti di accesso, rettifica, cancellazione e limitazione 
Se l'Utente è residente nel EAA o nel Regno Unito, in determinate circostanze ha diritto ad usufruire dei 				diritti dell'interessato delineati nella Sezione 9 della nostra Informativa sulla privacy. Se l’Utente 				desidera rivedere, verificare, correggere o richiedere la cancellazione dei propri dati personali, opporsi al 				trattamento dei suoi dati personali o richiedere il trasferimento di una copia dei suoi dati personali a un'altra 				parte, può fare riferimento alla Sezione 9 della presente Informativa sulla privacy.
 G. Conservazione dei dati
Conserveremo i Dati personali degli Utenti solo per il tempo necessario a soddisfare gli scopi per i quali li abbiamo 				raccolti, compresi gli scopi di soddisfare qualsiasi requisito legale, contabile o di rendicontazione in 				conformità alle leggi e ai regolamenti applicabili. Per determinare il periodo di conservazione appropriato 				per i dati personali, consideriamo la quantità, la natura e la sensibilità dei dati personali, il 				rischio potenziale di danni derivanti dall'uso o dalla divulgazione non autorizzata dei dati personali degli utenti, 				gli scopi per i quali trattiamo i dati personali, la possibilità di raggiungere tali scopi con altri mezzi e 				i requisiti legali applicabili. Una volta che non avremo più bisogno dei dati dei candidati, conserveremo e 				distruggeremo in modo sicuro i Dati personali in conformità alle leggi e ai regolamenti applicabili.
H. Contatti
Potete contattarci per qualsiasi domanda o dubbio utilizzando i dettagli riportati nella Sezione 14 della nostra 				Informativa sulla privacy.




Moon Active – 私隱政策
最后修订日期：2023 年 6 月
Moon Active Ltd.及其子公司和附屬公司（統稱「Moon 					Active」、「我們」或「我們的」）開發、發布和營運用於網絡和流動環境的社交遊戲（「遊戲」），以及用於在多種裝置和平台（例如流動裝置和Facebook）玩我們的遊戲的網絡和流動應用程式（每種簡稱為「應用程式」）。 			
我們並經營網站www.moonactive.com、www.melsoft-games.com及其子域和相關功能以及網上商店（統稱，「網站」，以及與遊戲和應用程式合稱為「服務」）。 			
Moon 				Active尊重你的私隱，並致力於使我們與你的數據相關的準則更加透明和公平。本私隱政策說明了我們如何收集、儲存、使用和分享你的個人數據，每當你到訪我們的網站、安裝我們的應用程式、玩我們的遊戲、與我們互動或以其他方式存取或使用我們的任何服務時均適用。 			
我們極力促請你閱讀本私隱政策，並確保你完全明白並同意本政策。如果你不同意本私隱政策，請停止並避免使用我們的服務。根據本私隱政策，你有權隨時停止使用我們的服務。

Moon Active是一個「數據控制員」。 這代表我們負責決定如何保存和使用你的個人數據。 					根據某些數據保護法規，我們需要通知你本私隱政策中所包含的資料。法律並無規定你要向我們提供任何個人數據，但如果沒有這些數據，我們將無法為你提供使用我們服務的全方位或最佳體驗（例如，你不連接Facebook賬戶仍然可以玩我們的遊戲，但你將無法享用他們的社交功能）。 			

數據收集
數據使用
儲存和保留
個人數據删除和賬戶關閉
資料分享
通訊
數據安全
Cookie和追蹤科技
廣告
數據主體權利－歐洲經濟區、瑞士和英國
數據傳送
未成年人
修訂和控制版本
聯絡我們

 
1. 數據收集
我們收集四個主要類別的數據（如數據能用以識別特定個人，或與此等可能用以識別特定個人的數據相連，我們將其視為「個人數據」）：

自動收集或生成的數據：當有人來訪、與我們的服務互動或使用我們的服務（包括我們或通過我們的服務發送給他們的任何電郵或短訊）時，我們可能會收集或生成有關他們的科技數據。我們獨立地或在第三方服務的幫助下收集或生成此等數據，包括使用「cookie」和其他追蹤科技（詳見下文）。此等數據包括連接性、科技或匯總的使用數據，如IP地址、遊戲內標識符、遊戲統計資料、遊戲偏好、唯一廣告ID（例如IDFA；你可以根據作業系統說明重置此等ID）；關於裝置、作業系統、瀏覽器或應用程式版本、流動營運商、區域設定和語言設定、我們服務上的用戶活動、應用程式或遊戲內活動（如遊戲內容/產品互動和廣告數據）的非識別數據；診斷數據（即崩潰數據和遊戲效能數據）。我們不會用這些數據來了解一個人的真實身份或聯絡方式，主要是為了更好地了解我們的用戶通常如何使用和參與我們的服務。使用此等科技和裝置數據也有助於我們和我們的合作夥伴根據興趣或其他條件提供更有效的廣告和內容、優化我們的廣告管理和用戶觀看體驗，並提高我們服務的整體效能和你的用戶體驗。有關我們廣告用途的更多資料，請參閱下文第8節。 				
從你那裡收到的數據：你可以自願向我們提供個人數據，例如，當你在我們這裡建立賬戶；與我們聯絡（經由Facebook、Messenger、電郵、遊戲內聊天或任何其他渠道，包括任何支援服務）；在我們的公共論壇或群組上發表貼文；向我們提供電郵地址（例如當你登記接收電郵新消息或禮物時）；參加比賽、競賽、錦標賽和其他推廣活動；在我們的任何遊戲內進行任何購買；使用遊戲內聊天與其他用戶互動；或選擇將你的Facebook、Google、Apple或類似賬戶連接到我們的任何遊戲時。 				
從Facebook和其他渠道收到的數據：當你將遊戲連接到你的Facebook、Google、蘋果或類似賬戶，我們將會獲得你的公開檔案，包括（在你定義為「公開」的範圍內）你的全名、（提供給Facebook、Google或Apple的電郵地址）、性別、照片、個人數據照片或類似照片、位置、時區，以及你玩遊戲的好友名單（連同他們的照片和其他公共個人數據）。這也將會允許我們在遊戲中展示你和你好友的公開檔案圖片，並創建你的遊戲內好友名單。此外，我們或我們的廣告合作夥伴可能會從Facebook和我們的其他行銷渠道獲得有關我們廣告活動表現的一般資料，例如目標年齡組別或興趣，而我們或我們的合作夥伴可能可以將此等一般數據與我們擁有的任何其他數據聯繫起來。要了解更多有關我們廣告準則的資料，請參考下文的第8節）。如果你經由第三方（如Facebook、Google或Apple）接達我們的服務，或將我們的服務連接到任何第三方賬戶，你還應閱讀他們的條款及細則以及私隱政策。如果你不清楚第三方應用程式與我們分享的是什麼資料，請前往該第三方應用程式的網站，以進一步了解其私隱準則。 				
交易數據：遊戲內購買通常由相關平台供應商（例如蘋果、Google或Facebook）處理，我們不會收集或儲存你的財務數據，例如你的信用卡號碼或銀行賬戶。然而，我們仍然可能會收到你與購買有關的非財務個人數據（例如你的姓名、賬單地址、電郵地址和購買的物品），以完成你的購買以及用於我們的會計目的。 				

2. 數據使用
我們收集和使用你的個人數據的法律理據，將視乎處理你的數據的特定目的而定，然而，我們通常使用以下理據：

合同履行。我們會基於此理據進行必要的處理，以製作遊戲（包括你選擇登入Facebook、Google或Apple後玩的社交遊戲）和提供給你的支援服務，以及向你發送服務通訊、禮品和獎賞。
同意。在有限的情況（如果你選擇登記接收直接行銷電郵、如果你在我們的網站上接受cookie）下，我們會根據你的同意處理你的個人數據。你可以根據第13節中的資料，隨時與我們聯絡以撤回你的同意。
合法利益。我們將會根據我們在下列方面的合法利益處理你的個人數據：維護和改進我們的服務和產品；了解我們的服務被如何使用；在我們的遊戲內和經由其他渠道提供有效的廣告；匹配用戶以創建遊戲內好友名單；改進我們的客戶服務和支援營運；檢測欺詐以及保護和保障我們的用戶、我們本身和我們的服務。 				
遵守法律義務。在有限的情況下，我們可能會在有需要時處理你的個人數據以遵守法律義務，例如適用法律中規定的義務，或者當我們收到法院或監管機構的命令時。

關於我們使用個人數據的目的，以下是更詳細的描述：

促進、營運和提供我們的服務；
驗證我們玩家的身份，並允許他們存取其他功能；
為用戶提供客戶關懷、協助和技術支援服務；
使你能够在遊戲中與其他玩家互動；
根據普遍的或個人的偏好、經驗和困難，包括個人化你的個人數據和朋友清單，進一步開發、定制和改進服務以及你的用戶體驗；
更有效地管理和投放廣告，包括根據遊戲進度和活動、你的偏好或我們或我們的業務合作夥伴可用的其他數據投放基於背景、行為和興趣的廣告，包括用於重定向目的；
向我們的用戶（經由電郵、Facebook、推送通知或任何其他可用渠道）發送一般或個人化的服務相關消息（例如購買確認或系統維修通知）；向我們的用戶發送推廣資料（例如遊戲更新、獎勵、新功能、VIP服務等）；以及促進、贊助和提供某些活動和推廣； 				
支援和加强我們的數據安全措施，包括防止和減輕欺詐、錯誤或任何非法或違禁活動的風險；
創建我們或我們的服務供應商可用於提供和改進我們各自服務的匯總統計資料、推論非個人數據或匿名或假名數據（呈現為非個人數據）；以及
遵守任何適用的法律和規例。

3. 儲存和保留
雖然各司法管轄區的私隱法律可能有所不同，但Moon Active已採取合理措施，確保其附屬公司和服務供應商以安全和合法的方式並按照行業慣例處理你的個人數據，無論是否有任何較低法律要求適用於其司法管轄區。
我們保留你的個人數據，以維持我們的關係，以及向你提供我們的服務。我們將只在為實現我們收集數據的目的所需時間內，保留你的個人數據。換言之，只要你仍然是我們的用戶而且沒有通知我們你不再是我們的用戶，我們將會保留你的個人數據。如果你刪除你的賬戶，我們將會採取合理措施刪除你的個人數據。根據我們的數據保留政策，我們也可能為了法律和會計目的而保留你的個人數據（即，根據適用於記錄和簿記的法律規定，以及為了存有關於我們關係的證據，以備如果你停止使用後出現任何法律問題時所需）。如果你對我們的數據保留政策有任何疑問，請聯絡我們：https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/zh-cn 。
h請注意，除非適用法律有所規定，我們沒有義務在任何特定期間保留你的數據，並且可以為了任何原因而隨時安全地刪除你的數據，無論是否有通知你。
在某些情況下，我們可能將你的個人數據匿名處理，使其不再與你有關聯，在這種情況下，我們可能會無需進一步通知你而使用這些資料，並且有關資料不再被視為本私隱政策意義上所理解的個人數據。
4. 賬戶關閉
除了本私隱政策中規定的任何其他權利（候選私隱附錄中規定的權利除外），你可以隨時透過存取適用遊戲中的「賬戶删除」按鈕並按照說明指示Moon Active删除你的個人數據。 				選擇此選項將關閉你的賬戶，並删除你的所有遊戲歷史記錄、購買資料、社交媒體登入以及與遊戲相關的其他資料。 有關删除操作不可逆轉。 如果你擁有多個遊戲賬戶，則應請求逐一關閉遊戲。
在收到你的請求後，我們將立即予以遵守，但請預留一些時間進行處理。 當我們因應適用法律要求而需要保留任何個人數據副本的情況下，我們保留權利作出此操作。
5. 資料分享
我們可能會與某些第三方（包括執法機構、我們的「服務供應商」和我們的附屬公司）分享你的數據。我們分享數據的情況總結如下：

遵守法律、法律命令和當局要求：為了回應傳票、搜查令或法院命令（或類似要求）或遵守適用的法律和規例，包括為了國家安全目的，我們可能會披露或允許政府和執法人員存取某些個人數據。如果我們真誠地相信我們這樣做是法律強制的，或者披露是適當的，因與調查、防止或採取行動應對實際或可疑非法活動、欺詐或其他不法行為有關，則此等披露或存取可能會在不通知你的情況下發生。 				
服務供應商：我們可以聘請選定的第三方公司、承包商和個人提供與我們本身的服務互補的服務（例如託管服務、數據分析服務、行銷機構和廣告服務及工具、數據和網絡安全服務、欺詐檢測和預防服務、付款處理服務、客戶支援合作夥伴、外部管理員和測試人員、用戶參與服務、電郵分發和監控服務、工作階段記錄以及我們的業務、法律、財務和合規顧問（統稱「服務供應商」）。這些服務供應商可能可以存取你的個人數據，視乎其在促進和補充我們的服務方面的具體崗位和目的，並且可能僅出於我們指示的目的處理你的個人數據。出於合法的商業目的，我們也可能與我們的「服務供應商」共享匿名、統計或匯總資料。 				
第三方集成：本服務允許你與某些第三方服務集成，例如為了將你的Facebook、Google或Apple賬戶連接到某個遊戲；以Google、Facebook或Apple登入或進行購買；在這種情況下，你將會受上述第三方（如蘋果、Google或Facebook）的條款及細則以及私隱公告的約束——因此，請確保你提前閱讀並接受它們。我們不會收到或儲存你的任何第三方服務密碼。 				
保護權利和安全：我們可能會在通知或不通知你的情況下與他人分享你的個人數據，如果我們真誠地相信這將會有助於保護Moon 					Active、我們的任何用戶或任何公眾成員的權利、財產或人身安全。
Moon Active子公司和附屬公司：我們可能會為了本私隱政策所述目的，在公司集團內部分享個人數據。此外，如果Moon 					Active或其任何附屬公司發生任何控制權變更（透過合併、收購或購買其絕大部分資產等），你的個人數據可能會與此等事件的相關方分享。如果我們認為此控制權變更可能會對你隨後儲存在我們這裡的個人數據產生重大影響，我們將會透過電郵和/或在我們的服務上發布顯著通知，向你告知該事件以及你可能有的選擇。 				

為消除疑問，在你的明確批准下、或者如果我們有法律義務、或者如果我們成功地將此等數據轉為非個人和匿名，Moon Active可能會以其他方式分享你的個人數據。我們可以自行決定傳送、分享或以其他方式使用非個人數據，而無需獲得進一步批准。 			
6. 通訊

服務通訊：我們可能會聯絡你，向你提供有關我們服務的重要資料。例如，我們可能會通知你（透過我們可用的任何方式）我們服務的更改或更新、賬單問題等。你無法選擇不接收此等服務通訊。 				
推廣通訊：如果你已登記接收我們的此等通訊，我們也可能會通知你有關新服務、活動和特別機會，或我們認為你會覺得有價值的任何其他資料。我們可能會透過我們可用的任何聯絡方式（如電話、手機或電郵）、本服務或我們在任何其他網站或平台上的行銷活動提供此等通知。 				

你有權隨時撤回你對接收此等推廣通訊的同意。要撤回同意，你可以透過 https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/zh-cn聯絡我們，或者按照你收到的推廣通訊中的「取消訂閱」、「停止」或「更改電郵首選項」說明進行操作。 			
7. 數據安全
為了保護我們和我們的服務供應商持有的你的個人數據，我們使用適當的物理、程序和電子安全措施，包括在適當的情況下進行加密。然而，請注意，無論採用何種安全措施，我們都不能也不保證我們或任何第三方儲存的任何個人數據得到絕對保護和安全。如果你發現與服務相關的任何安全或漏洞問題，請發送電郵至：info@moonactive.com。
 8. Cookie和追蹤科技
我們的服務和我們的一些服務供應商利用「cookie」、匿名標識符和其他追蹤科技（統稱「追蹤科技」）來幫助我們提供和改進我們的服務；將你的體驗個人化；監控我們的活動和宣傳的成效，以及我們的應用程式、遊戲和服務的整體使用情況。如要了解更多資料，請參閱我們的Cookie政策。 			
9. 廣告
我們的遊戲包括第三方服務和產品的廣告。我們和我們的廣告合作夥伴使用有關你的某些數據，以改進我們的廣告準則，使我們投放的廣告更有效、更相關和更有趣，包括部署基於興趣的廣告以及定向、廣告測量和歸因系統。
此等數據包括在可用範圍內的你的裝置廣告標識符（如IDFA或廣告ID）；你連接的Facebook、Google或Apple檔案（如有，例如你的性別、地區或國家）的相關數據；遊戲內容；遊戲中的用戶ID；產品互動數據以及我們或我們的廣告合作夥伴根據你的同意或其他法律理據可能收到的、來自你或關於你的其他人口統計資料和基於興趣的資料（即，為向你提供我們各自的服務而需要的，或基於我們在上文中说明的合法利益）。 			
我們或我們的廣告合作夥伴投放的廣告可能會在我們的遊戲、我們的服務中展示，或經由其他渠道（如第三方網站和應用程式）展示。
本私隱政策不適用於非我們所擁有或控制的公司、或非我們所管理的員工或服務供應商的準則。你向透過我們的服務宣傳的網站、應用程式或服務提供的任何資料，將會包含在其所規定的適用私隱政策的範圍內。請務必閱讀你前往或允許其存取你的資料的任何第三方應用程式、服務和網站的私隱政策。這些第三方有責任保護你提供給他們的任何資料，因此，對於他們使用你的可識別個人身份資料，我們概不負責。如要了解更多資料，請查閱我們的Cookie政策。


如何調整你對基於興趣的廣告的偏好如果你希望防止裝置的廣告ID或其他標識符被用於基於興趣的廣告，你可以更改裝置設定，以重置此等廣告ID或選擇拒絕此等廣告（通常，這可在裝置設定中的「私隱」或「廣告」部分進行）。如果你居住在美國、加拿大或歐洲，你也可以前往www.aboutads.info/choices（適用於美國用戶）、www.youradchoices.ca/choices（適用於加拿大用戶）、www.youronlinechoices.eu（適用於歐洲用戶），拒絕我們參與數碼廣告聯盟的廣告合作夥伴收集你的數據。請注意，如果你重置了你的廣告ID或選擇拒絕基於興趣的廣告，你仍可能在我們的遊戲或任何其他渠道中看到廣告，但這些廣告不是根據上述標識符投放。例如，這樣的廣告可能是基於背景（例如你在遊戲中的進度和行動），或者你的語言偏好。請注意，此等行動可能會降低用戶體驗。 				
匯總和分析資料我們使用Google 					analytics的標準分析工具，可能會不時使用其他分析工具。這些工具的私隱準則受其本身的私隱政策約束。如要了解更多資訊，請查閱我們的Cookie政策。
Google 產品：Google使用cookie等科技來追蹤和分析我們的網站和/或使用SDK在我們遊戲中投放廣告。要進一步了解Google如何處理數據，我們建議你查閱位於以下網址的Google政策：https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites。要獲得更多資料，請參閱Google 					Analytics的選擇拒絕網絡工具：https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout。要進一步了解Google SDK處理和儲存的數據，請參閱： 					https://support.google.com/admob/answer/7665968

10. 數據主體權利－歐洲經濟區、瑞士和英國
如果我們處理你的個人數據，而你是英國或歐盟居民或其他給予你以下權利的司法管轄區的居民，則你有權：

請求存取你的個人數據（通常稱為「數據主體存取請求」）。這讓你能够收到我們所持有關你個人數據的副本，並檢查我們是否合法處理這些數據。
要求更正我們所持有關你的個人數據。這讓你可以更正我們所持有關你的任何不完整或不準確的資料。
請求刪除你的個人數據。這讓你能夠要求我們在沒有充分理由繼續處理個人數據時刪除或移除個人數據。你也有權要求我們在你行使處理異議權時刪除或移除你的個人數據（請參閱下方）。
在我們依賴合法權益（或第三方的權益）的情況下，反對處理你的個人數據，並且你的特定情況導致你希望以此為由反對處理。你也有權反對我們出於直接營銷目的處理你的個人數據。
要求限制處理你的個人數據。這讓你可以要求我們暫停處理有關你的個人數據，例如，如果你希望我們確定其準確性或處理的原因。
請求將你的個人數據傳送給另一方。
通常無需支付任何費用。你不必為存取你的個人數據（或行使任何其他權利）而支付費用。但如果你的存取要求明顯沒有根據或過度，我們可能會收取合理費用。或者，在這種情況下，我們可能會拒絕遵守有關要求。
我們可能需要你的協助。我們可能需要向你索取特定資料，以幫助我們確認你的身份，並確保你擁有存取資料的權利（或行使你的任何其他權利）。這是另一項適當的安全措施，以確保個人數據不會披露給任何無權接收數據的人。
撤回同意的權利。在有限的情況下，你可能已同意為特定目的收集、處理和傳送你的個人數據，你有權隨時撤回你對該特定處理的同意。如需撤回同意，請聯絡info@moonactive.com。我們一經收到你撤回同意的通知，我們將不再出於你最初同意的目的處理你的資料，除非我們在法律上有其他合法依據。 				

如果你希望根據適用法律（通用數據保護條例GDPR或英國GDPR）行使你的權利，請在這裡聯絡我們。
如果你居住在歐洲經濟區或英國，你也可以聯絡我們的歐洲經濟區或英國代表：dpr@moonactive.com。
如果你想管理我們從你玩遊戲的第三方應用程式或平台（例如Facebook、Apple或Google）收到的關於你的資料，請按照第三方應用程式的更新資料及更改私隱設定說明進行操作。
你有權向數據保護監管當局提出投訴。如為歐洲經濟區居民，你可以於此連結找到你的國家監管當局的資料：https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en。英國居民可以於此連結聯絡資訊專員辦公室：https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/。
11. 數據傳送
你的個人數據可能由Moon Active和我們的授權附屬公司和服務供應商在美國和其他司法管轄區進行維護、處理、存取和儲存，以妥善提供我們的服務所需，或法律要求。Moon 				Active所在的司法管轄區，英國、瑞士和歐盟委員會認為已提供歐洲經濟區和英國居民的個人數據充分保護。
為了履行我們與你的合约，我們可能會將我們收集到有關你的個人數據傳送到歐洲經濟區、瑞士或英國境外。為了確保你的個人數據得到充分的保護，我們採取了以下措施，以確保這些第三方以符合及尊重歐盟和英國數據保護法律的方式處理你的個人數據：標準合同條款和歐盟適當性決定的國家。如果你需要有關保護措施的更多資訊，你可以使用第13節中的詳細資料與我們聯絡。 			
12. 未成年人
以下遊戲可提供給年滿十六（16）歲的人：「My 				Café: Recipes and stories」、「Toy Defense」、「Toy Defense 2」、「Toy Defense: Fantasy」、「Fish Now.io」、「Kitchen 				Stars」、「Family Island」、「My Pizza Restaurant」、「Zen Match」, 「Travel Town」。
所有其他遊戲和服務僅可提供給年滿十八（18）歲或達到你所在的司法管轄區的法定成年年齡（以較大者為準）的人。

我們保留在任何階段要求提供年齡證明或父母同意的權利。我們可能會封锁我們懷疑未達到適合年齡的用戶。我們不會有意收集未成年人的個人數據，也不想這樣做。如果我們得知未成年人正在使用我們的服務或玩我們的任何遊戲，我們可能會禁止和封锁此等使用，並將會盡一切努力及時刪除我們所儲存的與該未成年人相關的任何個人數據。

如果你認為我們可能持有任何此等數據，請於https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/zh-cn聯絡我們。
13. 修訂和控制版本
我們可能會不時修訂本私隱政策，屆時會在我們的服務上發布修訂版本。修訂版本將自公布的生效日期起生效。如有任何重大變更，我們將會以我們可用的任何通訊方式或在服務上提前通知。在此通知期過後，所有修訂均視為你已接受。如果你不同意受新的或修訂後的私隱政策條款約束，你必須停止使用本服務。 			
本私隱政策以英文草擬，英文版本是本私隱政策的原來版本和控制版本。將本私隱政策翻譯成其他語言僅為方便起見，翻譯版本不得控制本私隱政策的含義或執行。如果本私隱政策的任何翻譯版本與英語版本的含義有任何歧異，概以英文版本為準。
14. 聯絡我們
如果您對本隱私政策有任何的建議或疑問，或是您對您的隱私有任何的疑慮，或者是要聯繫 Moon Active's 資訊保護管理，請使用此處連結。
如果你居住在歐盟或英國，你也可以聯絡我們的歐盟或英國代表：dpr@moonactive.com。
 
 
附錄A
求職者私隱附錄
Moon Active致力保護你的個人數據的私隱和安全。本求職者私隱權附錄描述我們如何根據適用的數據保護法規，在你與我們建立工作關係之前，收集和使用你的個人數據。這適用於所有作爲僱員、工人或承包商職位的求職者。
本求職者私隱權附錄適用於申請Moon Active僱傭和承包商職位的求職者。本求職者私隱權附錄不構成任何勞動合約或其他服務合約的一部分。我們可能隨時更新此通知。
重要的是，在我們收集或處理你的個人數據時，你必須詳閱本求職者私隱權附錄，以及我們的私隱政策和我們可能在特定場合向你提供的任何其他私隱權聲明，以便你了解我們如何和為什麼使用這些資料，以及你在適用的數據保護立法下的權利。
 
A. 保障數據原則
我們將遵守數據保護法，該保護法要求我們持有關於你的個人數據是：

以合法、公平和透明的方式使用；
僅出於我們已向你清楚解釋的有效目的而收集，並且不以任何與該等目的不相容的方式使用；
與我們告知你的目的相關，且僅限於這些目的；
準確並保持最新；
僅在我們告知你的目的所需的時間內保留；及
妥善保管。

 
B. 我們所持有關於你的資料類型：
個人數據（或個人資料）指個人的任何資料，從中可以識別出相關個別人士。這不包括已刪除身份的數據（匿名資料）。有一些「特殊類別」的較敏感個人數據需要更高級別的保護，例如有關個人健康或性取向的資料。
我們可能會收集、儲存和使用有關你的以下類別個人數據：

個人聯絡方式，如姓名、頭銜、地址、電話號碼和個人電郵地址。
出生日期
性別
近親和緊急聯絡資料。
工作地點或工作場所。
招聘資料（包括工作權利文件、推薦信和履歷或求職信中包含的或作為申請過程一部分的其他資料的副本）。
就業記錄（包括職稱、工作經驗、工作時間、假期、培訓記錄和專業會籍）。
薪酬歷史記錄
工作表現資料
紀律和申訴資料
在面試過程中透過電子方式獲得的閉路電視影片和其他資料，如刷卡記錄（如適用）。
照片
在英國，HMRC就業狀況檢查結果，以及你對提供服務的仲介機構的興趣和關係的詳細資料。

C. 如何收集你的個人資料？
我們會透過申請和招聘流程，直接從求職者或有時從職業介紹所收集有關求職者的個人數據。我們有時可能會從第三方（包括前僱主）收集額外資料。
D. 我們將如何使用關於你的資料：
我們只在法律允許且我們有合法理由時才會使用你的個人數據。最常見的情況是，我們會依據以下合法理由處理你的個人數據：

在我們得到你的同意這樣做的情況下（「同意」）。
如果我們需要履行我們與你訂立的合約，或採取步驟與你訂立合約（「合約」）。
我們需要遵守法律義務（「法律義務」）。
如出於我們的合法權益（或第三方的合法權益）及你的權益和基本權益不會超越該等權益（「合法權益」）。

如果你未能在收到要求時提供某些資料，我們可能無法評估你是否符合資格或適合有關公開職位，或我們可能無法遵守我們的法律義務。
我們只會將你的個人數據用於收集目的，除非我們合理認為我們需要出於其他原因使用你的個人數據，且該原因與原來的目的相容。如果我們需要出於無關目的使用你的個人數據，我們會通知你，並解釋允許我們這樣做的法律依據。
請注意，在法律要求或允許的情況下，我們可能會在未經你知情或同意下，遵照上述規則處理你的個人數據。
重要的是，我們持有關於你的個人數據是準確且最新。如在求職期間，你的個人數據有任何變動，請通知我們。
E. 數據共用：
我們可能需要與第三方分享你的數據，包括第三方服務供應商和Moon Active的其他實體。
我們要求第三方尊重你的資料安全，並依法處理。
我們可能會將你的個人數據傳送到歐盟境外，如果我們這樣做，我們將確保你的個人數據得到充分保護。有關進一步資訊，請參閱我們的私隱政策第10節。

你為什麼會與第三方分享我的個人數據？我們將在法律要求、有必要管理與你的工作關係或我們有其他合法權益的情況下，與第三方分享你的個人數據。
哪些第三方服務供應商處理我的個人數據？「第三方」包括第三方服務供應商（包括承包商和指定代理人）。下列服務供應商出於以下目的處理關於你的個人數據： 					
Comeet－招聘


我的資料在服務供應商和我們集團中的其他實體有多安全？我們的所有服務供應商均必須根據我們的政策，採取適當的安全措施來保護你的個人數據。我們不允許我們的服務供應商出於自己的目的使用你的個人數據。我們允許他們根據我們的指引僅出於特定目的處理你的個人數據。 				
那其他第三方呢？我們可能需要與監管機構分享你的個人數據，或以其他方式遵守法律。

 
F. 存取、更正、刪除和限制的權利
如果你是歐洲經濟區或英國居民，在某些情況下，你有權享有我們的私隱政策第9節中概述的數據主體權利。如果你想查看、驗證、更正或要求刪除你的個人數據，反對處理你的個人數據，或要求我們將你的個人數據副本傳送給另一方，請參閱本私隱政策第9節。 			
G. 數據保留
我們只會在滿足我們收集個人數據的目的（包括根據適用法律和法規滿足任何法律、會計或報告要求的目的）所需的時間內保留你的個人數據。為了確定個人數據的適當保留期，我們會考慮個人數據的數量、性質和敏感性、未經授權使用或披露你的個人數據的潛在傷害風險、我們處理你的個人數據的目的、我們是否可以透過其他方式實現這些目的，以及適用的法律要求。一旦我們不再需要求職者資料，我們將根據適用的法律和法規保留並安全地摧毀你的個人數據。 			
H. 聯絡我們
你可以使用我們的私隱政策第14節中的詳細資料，就任何問題或疑慮與我們聯絡。




Moon Active - นโยบายความเป็นส่วนตัว
แก้ไขล่าสุด: มิถุนายน 2023
-
Moon Active Ltd. รวมถึงบริษัทสาขาและบริษัทในเครือ (รวมเรียกว่า “Moon Active”, 				“เรา”, “ของเรา” หรือ 				“พวกเรา”) พัฒนา เผยแพร่ และดำเนินการเกมโซเชียลสำหรับสภาพแวดล้อมทางเว็บและอุปกรณ์พกพา 				(“เกม”) ตลอดจนเว็บแอปพลิเคชันและแอปพลิเคชันมือถือ (แต่ละส่วนเรียกว่า 				“แอป”) สำหรับการเล่นเกมของเราผ่านอุปกรณ์และแพลตฟอร์มที่หลากหลาย (เช่น อุปกรณ์มือถือและ 				Facebook)
นอกจากนี้เรายังดำเนินการเว็บไซต์ www.moonactive.com, 				www.melsoft-games.com,โดเมนย่อย และคุณสมบัติที่เกี่ยวข้องต่างๆ ตลอดจนร้านค้าออนไลน์ (รวมเรียกว่า 				“ไซต์” และร่วมกับเกมและแอปต่างๆ รวมเรียกว่า “บริการ”)
Moon Active เคารพความเป็นส่วนตัวของคุณ 				และมุ่งมั่นที่จะทำให้การปฏิบัติของเราเกี่ยวกับข้อมูลของคุณโปร่งใสและเป็นธรรมมากขึ้น 				นโยบายความเป็นส่วนตัวนี้อธิบายถึงวิธีที่เรารวบรวม จัดเก็บ ใช้งาน และแบ่งปันข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของคุณ 				และจะมีผลเมื่อใดก็ตามคุณเยี่ยมชมเว็บไซต์ของเรา ติดตั้งแอปของเราและเล่นเกมของเรา มีปฏิสัมพันธ์โต้ตอบกับเรา 				หรือเข้าถึงหรือใช้บริการใดๆ ของเรา
 
เราขอแนะนำให้คุณอ่านนโยบายความเป็นส่วนตัวนี้และตรวจสอบให้แน่ใจว่าคุณเข้าใจและยอมรับอย่างเต็มที่ 					หากคุณไม่เห็นด้วยกับนโยบายความเป็นส่วนตัวนี้โปรดเลิกใช้และหลีกเลี่ยงการใช้บริการของเรา 					คุณมีสิทธิ์เลิกใช้บริการของเราโดยเป็นผลจากนโยบายความเป็นส่วนตัวนี้ได้ทุกเมื่อ
Moon Active เป็น “ผู้ควบคุมข้อมูล” 				ซึ่งหมายความว่าเรามีหน้าที่รับผิดชอบการตัดสินใจว่าเราจะถือครองและใช้ข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลเกี่ยวกับคุณอย่างไร 				และกฎหมายคุ้มครองข้อมูลบางประการกำหนดให้เราต้องแจ้งให้คุณทราบข้อมูลที่อยู่ในนโยบายความเป็นส่วนตัวนี้ 				คุณไม่ได้ถูกกำหนดโดยกฎหมายว่าต้องให้ข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลใดๆ แก่เรา แต่หากไม่มีข้อมูลดังกล่าว 				เราจะไม่สามารถให้ความครบครันหรือประสบการณ์ที่ดีที่สุดในการใช้บริการของเราแก่คุณได้ (ตัวอย่างเช่น 				คุณอาจยังสามารถเล่นเกมของเราได้โดยไม่ต้องเชื่อมโยงบัญชี Facebook 				แต่คุณจะไม่สามารถใช้คุณสมบัติเครือข่ายทางสังคมของพวกเขาได้)
 

การเก็บรวบรวมข้อมูล
การใช้ข้อมูล
การจัดเก็บและการเก็บรักษา
การลบข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลและการยุติบัญชี
การแบ่งปันข้อมูล
การสื่อสาร
การรักษาความปลอดภัยข้อมูล
คุกกี้และเทคโนโลยีการติดตาม
การโฆษณา
สิทธิของเจ้าของข้อมูลส่วนบุคคล – เขตเศรษฐกิจยุโรป สวิตเซอร์แลนด์ 						และสหราชอาณาจักร
การถ่ายโอนข้อมูล
ผู้เยาว์
การแก้ไขปรับปรุงและฉบับที่มีผลควบคุม
ติดต่อเรา

 
1. การเก็บรวบรวมข้อมูล
เรารวบรวมข้อมูลสี่ประเภทหลัก (และจนถึงขอบเขตที่อาจทำให้สามารถระบุตัวตนของบุคคลที่เฉพาะเจาะจง 				หรือเชื่อมโยงกับข้อมูลที่อาจระบุตัวตนดังกล่าวได้ เราจะถือว่าข้อมูลนั้นเป็น "ข้อมูลส่วนบุคคล"):

ข้อมูลที่รวบรวมหรือสร้างโดยอัตโนมัติ:เมื่อมีผู้เยี่ยมชม โต้ตอบ หรือใช้บริการของเรา 					รวมถึงอีเมลหรือข้อความที่พวกเขาได้รับจากเราหรือผ่านบริการของเรา 					เราอาจรวบรวมหรือสร้างข้อมูลทางเทคนิคเกี่ยวกับพวกเขา 					เรารวบรวมหรือสร้างข้อมูลดังกล่าวโดยอิสระหรือด้วยความช่วยเหลือของบริการของบุคคลที่สาม รวมถึงการใช้ "คุกกี้" 					และเทคโนโลยีการติดตามอื่น ๆ (ตามรายละเอียดเพิ่มเติม 					ด้านล่างนี้)ข้อมูลดังกล่าวประกอบด้วยความสามารถในการเชื่อมโยง 					ข้อมูลการใช้งานทางเทคนิคหรือข้อมูลการใช้งานแบบสรุปรวม เช่น ที่อยู่ IP ตัวระบุภายในเกม สถิติเกม การตั้งค่าเกม 					รหัสโฆษณาเฉพาะ (เช่น IDFA; คุณสามารถรีเซ็ต ID ดังกล่าวได้โดยทำตามคำแนะนำด้านล่างนี้สำหรับระบบปฏิบัติการ) 					ข้อมูลที่ไม่ระบุตัวตนเกี่ยวกับอุปกรณ์ ระบบปฏิบัติการ เบราว์เซอร์ หรือเวอร์ชั่นของแอป ผู้ให้บริการมือถือ 					การตั้งค่าสถานที่และภาษา กิจกรรมของผู้ใช้ในบริการของเรา และกิจกรรมในแอปหรือเกม (เช่น 					เนื้อหาการเล่นเกม/การโต้ตอบกับผลิตภัณฑ์ และข้อมูลการโฆษณา) ข้อมูลการวินิจฉัย (เช่น 					ข้อมูลข้อขัดข้องและข้อมูลประสิทธิภาพของเกม) 					เราไม่ใช้ข้อมูลดังกล่าวเพื่อเรียนรู้ตัวตนที่แท้จริงของบุคคลหรือรายละเอียดการติดต่อ 					แต่ส่วนใหญ่จะใช้เพื่อทำความเข้าใจที่ดีขึ้นเกี่ยวกับวิธีการที่ผู้ใช้ของเราใช้บริการและมีส่วนร่วมกับบริการของเรา 					การใช้ข้อมูลทางเทคนิคและข้อมูลอุปกรณ์ดังกล่าวยังช่วยเราและพันธมิตรของเราแสดงโฆษณาและเนื้อหาตามความสนใจ 					หรือให้บริการโฆษณาและเนื้อหาอย่างมีประสิทธิผลมากขึ้นในทางอื่นใด 					เพื่อเพิ่มประสิทธิภาพการจัดการโฆษณาและประสบการณ์การรับชมของผู้ใช้ของเรา) 					และเพื่อปรับปรุงประสิทธิภาพโดยรวมและประสบการณ์ผู้ใช้ของคุณในบริการของเรา 					สำหรับข้อมูลเพิ่มเติมเกี่ยวกับการใช้โฆษณาของเรา โปรดดูหัวข้อ 8 ด้านล่างนี้
ข้อมูลที่ได้รับจากคุณ: คุณอาจให้ข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลแก่เราโดยสมัครใจ เช่น 					เมื่อคุณสร้างบัญชีกับเรา ติดต่อเรา (ผ่าน Facebook, Messenger, อีเมล, การแชทในเกม หรือช่องทางอื่นใด 					รวมถึงบริการสนับสนุนใด ๆ) เมื่อคุณโพสต์ในฟอรัมหรือกลุ่มสาธารณะของเรา เมื่อคุณให้ที่อยู่อีเมลของคุณกับเรา (เช่น 					เมื่อคุณลงทะเบียนเพื่อรับข่าวสารหรือของขวัญทางอีเมล) เมื่อคุณเข้าร่วมการแข่งขัน การประกวด ทัวร์นาเมนต์ 					และโปรโมชั่นอื่นๆ เมื่อคุณทำการสั่งซื้อใดๆ ในเกมใดๆ ของเรา เมื่อคุณโต้ตอบกับผู้ใช้อื่นผ่านการแชทในเกม 					หรือเมื่อคุณเลือกเชื่อมโยงบัญชี Facebook, Google หรือ Apple ของคุณหรือบัญชีที่คล้ายคลึงกันเข้ากับเกมใดๆ ของเรา 				
ข้อมูลที่ได้รับจาก Facebook และช่องทางอื่น 						ๆ:เมื่อคุณเชื่อมโยงเกมเข้ากับบัญชี Facebook, Google หรือ Apple ของคุณหรือบัญชีที่คล้ายคลึงกัน 					เราจะได้รับการเข้าถึงโปรไฟล์สาธารณะของคุณ รวมถึง (จนถึงขอบเขตที่คุณกำหนดว่าเป็น "สาธารณะ") 					ตามที่สามารถทำได้ชื่อเต็มของคุณ ที่อยู่อีเมลที่ให้ไว้กับ Facebook, Google หรือ Apple, เพศ, รูปโปรไฟล์ 					หรือรูปภาพที่คล้ายกัน ตำแหน่งที่ตั้ง เขตเวลา และรายชื่อเพื่อนของคุณที่เล่นเกม 					(พร้อมรูปภาพและข้อมูลโปรไฟล์สาธารณะอื่น ๆ ของบุคคลเหล่านั้น) 					สิ่งนี้ยังช่วยให้เราสามารถแสดงภาพโปรไฟล์สาธารณะของคุณและเพื่อนของคุณในเกมและเพื่อสร้างรายชื่อเพื่อนในเกมของคุณได้ 					นอกจากนี้ เราหรือพันธมิตรผู้โฆษณาของเราอาจได้รับข้อมูลทั่วไปที่เกี่ยวข้องกับการดำเนินแคมเปญโฆษณาของเรา เช่น 					กลุ่มอายุเป้าหมายหรือความสนใจ จาก Facebook และจากช่องทางการตลาดอื่นๆ 					และเราหรือพันธมิตรของเราอาจสามารถเชื่อมโยงข้อมูลทั่วไปดังกล่าวไปยังข้อมูลอื่นใดที่อยู่ในความครอบครองของเรา 					เพื่อเรียนรู้เพิ่มเติมเกี่ยวกับแนวปฏิบัติด้านการโฆษณาของเรา โปรดดูส่วนที่ 3 					ด้านล่างนี้หากคุณเข้าถึงบริการของเราผ่านบุคคลที่สาม เช่น Facebook, Google หรือ Apple 					หรือเชื่อมโยงบริการของเรากับบัญชีบุคคลที่สามใด ๆ คุณควรอ่านข้อกำหนดและเงื่อนไขและนโยบายความเป็นส่วนตัว 					หากคุณไม่ชัดเจนเกี่ยวกับข้อมูลที่แอปพลิเคชันของบุคคลที่สามแบ่งปันกับเรา 					โปรดไปที่เว็บไซต์ของแอปพลิเคชันของบุคคลที่สามเพื่อเรียนรู้เพิ่มเติมเกี่ยวกับหลักปฏิบัติเกี่ยวกับข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของพวกเขา 				
ข้อมูลธุรกรรม: โดยปกติแล้ว การซื้อในเกมจะดำเนินการโดยผู้ให้บริการแพลตฟอร์มที่เกี่ยวข้อง (เช่น 					Apple, Google หรือ Facebook) และเราจะไม่รวบรวมหรือจัดเก็บข้อมูลทางการเงินของคุณ เช่น 					หมายเลขบัตรเครดิตหรือบัญชีธนาคารของคุณ อย่างไรก็ตาม 					เราอาจยังคงได้รับข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลที่ไม่ใช่ทางการเงินของคุณที่เกี่ยวข้องกับการซื้อ เช่น ชื่อ ที่อยู่เรียกเก็บเงิน 					ที่อยู่อีเมล และรายการสิ่งของที่ซื้อของคุณ เพื่อดำเนินการตามการสั่งซื้อของคุณและเพื่อวัตถุประสงค์ทางบัญชีของเรา 				

2. การใช้ข้อมูล
พื้นฐานทางกฎหมายของเราในการรวบรวมและใช้ข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของคุณจะขึ้นอยู่กับวัตถุประสงค์เฉพาะที่ข้อมูลของคุณจะถูกนำไปประมวลผล 				อย่างไรก็ตาม โดยทั่วไปเราจะใช้สิ่งต่อไปนี้:

การดำเนินการตามสัญญา เราจะใช้พื้นฐานนี้สำหรับการประมวลผลที่จำเป็นในการจัดทำเกม 					รวมถึงคุณสมบัติทางสังคมในเกม เมื่อคุณเลือกเข้าสู่ระบบด้วย Facebook, Google หรือ Apple 					และบริการสนับสนุนที่มีให้ใช้งานสำหรับคุณ และเพื่อส่งการสื่อสารในบริการ ของขวัญ และรางวัล
ความยินยอม ในบางกรณีที่จำกัด (ที่คุณเลือกที่จะลงทะเบียนเพื่อรับอีเมลการตลาดทางตรง 					โดยคุณยอมรับคุกกี้ทางเว็บไซต์ของเรา) 					เราจะประมวลผลข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของคุณตามความยินยอมของคุณ คุณสามารถถอนคำยินยอมเมื่อใดก็ได้โดยติดต่อเราโดยใช้รายละเอียดในส่วนที่ 					13
ประโยชน์ที่ถูกต้องตามกฎหมาย
					เราจะประมวลผลข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของคุณโดยเป็นไปตามประโยชน์ที่ถูกต้องตามกฎหมายของเราในการบำรุงรักษาและปรับปรุงบริการและข้อเสนอของเรา 					การทำความเข้าใจวิธีการใช้บริการของเรา การให้บริการโฆษณาที่มีประสิทธิผลภายในเกมของเราและผ่านช่องทางอื่นๆ 					การจับคู่ผู้ใช้เพื่อสร้างรายชื่อเพื่อนในเกม การปรับปรุงบริการลูกค้าและการดำเนินการสนับสนุนของเรา 					การตรวจจับการฉ้อโกง และการปกป้องและการรักษาความปลอดภัยให้ผู้ใช้ของเรา ตัวเราเอง และบริการของเรา
การปฏิบัติตามข้อผูกพันทางกฎหมาย ในบางกรณี 					เราอาจดำเนินการกับข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของคุณในกรณีที่เราจำเป็นต้องดำเนินการเพื่อให้เป็นไปตามข้อผูกพันทางกฎหมาย เช่น 					ที่กำหนดไว้ในกฎหมายที่มีผลบังคับใช้ หรือหากเราได้รับคำสั่งจากศาลหรือหน่วยงานกำกับดูแล

วัตถุประสงค์ที่เราใช้ข้อมูลส่วนบุคคล อธิบายไว้ในรายละเอียดเพิ่มเติมด้านล่างนี้:

เพื่ออำนวยความสะดวก ดำเนินการ และให้บริการของเรา
เพื่อการพิสูจน์ตัวตนของผู้เล่นของเราและอนุญาตให้พวกเขาเข้าถึงคุณสมบัติเพิ่มเติม
เพื่อให้บริการดูแลลูกค้า ความช่วยเหลือ และบริการสนับสนุนด้านเทคนิคแก่ผู้ใช้ของเรา
เพื่อให้คุณสามารถมีปฏิสัมพันธ์กับผู้เล่นอื่น ๆ ในเกมได้
เพื่อการพัฒนา ปรับแต่ง และปรับปรุงบริการและประสบการณ์ผู้ใช้ของคุณเพิ่มเติม โดยขึ้นกับการกำหนด ประสบการณ์ 					และปัญหาส่วนรวมและส่วนบุคคล ซึ่งรวมถึงการใช้วิธีปรับโปรไฟล์และรายชื่อเพื่อนของคุณให้เป็นแบบเฉพาะตัว
เพื่อจัดการและส่งมอบโฆษณาอย่างมีประสิทธิภาพมากขึ้น รวมถึงการโฆษณาตามบริบท ตามพฤติกรรม และตามความสนใจ 					โดยขึ้นกับความคืบหน้าและกิจกรรมในเกม โดยขึ้นกับการกำหนดของคุณหรือข้อมูลอื่นๆ 					ที่มีให้แก่เราหรือผู้ให้บริการของเรา รวมถึงเพื่อวัตถุประสงค์ในการกำหนดเป้าหมายใหม่ (re-targeting)
เพื่อการติดต่อผู้ใช้ของเรา (ผ่านทางอีเมล, Facebook, การแจ้งเตือนแบบพุช หรือช่องทางอื่น ๆ ที่มีอยู่) 					เพื่อส่งข้อความทั่วไปหรือข้อความที่เกี่ยวข้องกับบริการแบบปรับให้เป็นแบบเฉพาะตัว (เช่น 					การยืนยันการสั่งซื้อหรือประกาศการบำรุงรักษาระบบ) เพื่อติดต่อผู้ใช้ของเราเพื่อส่งข้อความส่งเสริมการขาย (เช่น 					การอัปเดตเกม โบนัส คุณลักษณะใหม่ บริการวีไอพี ฯลฯ) และเพื่ออำนวยความสะดวก สนับสนุน 					และเสนอกิจกรรมและโปรโมชั่นบางอย่าง
เพื่อสนับสนุนและปรับปรุงมาตรการรักษาความปลอดภัยข้อมูลของเรา 					รวมถึงเพื่อวัตถุประสงค์ในการป้องกันและบรรเทาความเสี่ยงของการทุจริต ข้อผิดพลาด หรือกิจกรรมใดๆ 					ที่ผิดกฎหมายหรือต้องห้าม
เพื่อการสร้างข้อมูลสถิติแบบสรุปรวม ข้อมูลอนุมานที่ไม่ใช่ข้อมูลส่วนบุคคล หรือข้อมูลนิรนามหรือใช้นามแฝง 					(ถูกแปลงเป็นข้อมูลที่ไม่ใช่ข้อมูลส่วนบุคคล) 					ซึ่งเราหรือผู้ให้บริการของเราอาจนำไปใช้เพื่อการให้บริการและปรับปรุงบริการของเรา และ
เพื่อปฏิบัติตามกฎหมายและข้อบังคับใดๆ ที่เกี่ยวข้อง

3. การจัดเก็บและการเก็บรักษา
ในขณะที่กฎหมายความเป็นส่วนตัวอาจแตกต่างกันไปตามแต่ละเขตอำนาจศาล Moon Active 				ได้ดำเนินขั้นตอนตามที่สมควรแก่เหตุผลเพื่อให้แน่ใจว่าข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของคุณได้รับการปฏิบัติโดยบริษัทในเครือและผู้ให้บริการต่างๆ 				ในลักษณะที่ปลอดภัยและถูกกฎหมาย และเป็นไปตามแนวปฏิบัติทั่วไปของอุตสาหกรรม 				โดยไม่ขึ้นกับการที่เขตอำนาจศาลของพวกเขาเหล่านั้นจะมีข้อกำหนดทางกฎหมายที่ต่ำกว่าใดๆ 
เราเก็บรักษาข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของคุณเพื่อรักษาความสัมพันธ์ของเรา และเพื่อให้บริการของเราแก่คุณ 				เราจะเก็บรักษาข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของคุณไว้ตราบเท่าที่จำเป็นเท่านั้น เพื่อให้เป็นไปตามวัตถุประสงค์ที่เราเก็บรวบรวม 				กล่าวอีกนัยหนึ่งคือ 				เราจะเก็บรักษาข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของคุณตราบเท่าที่คุณยังคงเป็นผู้ใช้ของเราและไม่ได้แจ้งให้เราทราบในทางอื่นใด 				เราจะใช้มาตรการที่เหมาะสมเพื่อลบข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของคุณ หากคุณลบบัญชีของคุณ 				นอกจากนี้เรายังอาจเก็บข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของคุณเพื่อวัตถุประสงค์ทางกฎหมายและการบัญชี 				(เช่นตามที่กฎหมายกำหนดไว้สำหรับการบันทึกข้อมูลและการบัญชี 				และเพื่อให้มีข้อพิสูจน์และหลักฐานที่เกี่ยวข้องกับความสัมพันธ์ของเรา 				ในกรณีที่มีปัญหาทางกฎหมายเกิดขึ้นจากการเลิกใช้งานของคุณ) โดยเป็นไปตามนโยบายการเก็บรักษาข้อมูลของเรา 				หากคุณมีข้อสงสัยเกี่ยวกับนโยบายการเก็บรักษาข้อมูลของเราโปรดติดต่อเราที่ https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/th
โปรดทราบว่า ยกเว้นตามที่กฎหมายกำหนด เราไม่มีภาระผูกพันในการเก็บข้อมูลของคุณสำหรับช่วงเวลาใดๆ 				และมีอิสระที่จะลบข้อมูลเหล่านั้นอย่างปลอดภัยด้วยเหตุผลใดๆ และในเวลาใดก็ได้ โดยมีหรือไม่มีการแจ้งให้คุณทราบ
ในบางสถานการณ์ เราอาจแปลงข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของคุณให้เป็นแบบนิรนาม เพื่อให้ไม่สามารถเชื่อมโยงถึงคุณได้อีกต่อไป 				ในกรณีเช่นนี้เราสามารถใช้ข้อมูลดังกล่าวได้โดยไม่ต้องแจ้งให้คุณทราบ 				และจะไม่ถือว่าเป็นข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลตามความหมายของนโยบายความเป็นส่วนตัวนี้อีกต่อไป
4.
					การลบข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลและการยุติบัญชี
นอกเหนือจากสิทธิ์อื่น ๆ ที่กำหนดไว้ในนโยบายความเป็นส่วนตัวนี้ (ยกเว้นตามที่ระบุในภาคผนวกความเป็นส่วนตัวของผู้สมัคร) 				คุณสามารถแจ้งให้ Moon Active ลบข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของคุณได้ทุกเมื่อ โดยเข้าถึงปุ่ม “การลบบัญชี” 				ในเกมที่บังคับใช้และปฏิบัติตามคำแนะนำต่อไปนี้ การเลือกตัวเลือกนี้จะเป็นการยุติบัญชีของคุณ 				และการลบข้อมูลทั้งหมดเกี่ยวกับประวัติการเล่น ข้อมูลการซื้อ การเข้าสู่ระบบสื่อสังคมออนไลน์ รวมถึงข้อมูลอื่น ๆ 				ที่สัมพันธ์กับคุณและเกี่ยวเนื่องกับเกม การลบจะย้อนกลับไม่ได้ หากคุณใช้บัญชีที่มีหลายเกม 				คุณจะต้องขอยุติบัญชีของแต่ละเกม
เมื่อได้รับคำขอของคุณ เราจะปฏิบัติตามโดยทันที แต่โปรดให้เวลาสักครู่ในการดำเนินการ 				เราขอสงวนสิทธิ์ในการเก็บรักษาสำเนาข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลใด ๆ ที่เราจำเป็นต้องเก็บรักษาตามกฎหมายที่เกี่ยวข้องกำหนดไว้
5. การแบ่งปันข้อมูล
เราอาจแบ่งปันข้อมูลของคุณกับบุคคลที่สาม รวมถึงหน่วยงานบังคับใช้กฎหมาย ผู้ให้บริการของเรา และบริษัทในเครือของเรา  				สถานการณ์ที่เราแบ่งปันข้อมูล สามารถสรุปได้ดังต่อไปนี้:

การปฏิบัติตามกฎหมาย คำสั่งทางกฎหมาย และเจ้าหน้าที่:
					เราอาจเปิดเผยหรืออนุญาตให้รัฐบาลและเจ้าหน้าที่รักษากฎหมายสามารถเข้าถึงข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลบางอย่างตามหมายศาล หมายค้น 					หมายจับ หรือคำสั่งศาล (หรือข้อกำหนดที่คล้ายกัน) หรือเป็นไปตามกฎหมายและระเบียบข้อบังคับที่มีผลบังคับใช้ 					การเปิดเผยหรือการเข้าถึงดังกล่าวอาจเกิดขึ้นโดยมีการแจ้งหรือไม่แจ้งให้คุณทราบ 					หากเรามีความเชื่อโดยสุจริตว่าเราถูกบังคับตามกฎหมายให้ทำเช่นนั้น 					หรือการเปิดเผยนั้นมีความเหมาะสมโดยเชื่อมโยงกับความพยายามในการสอบสวน การป้องกัน 					หรือการดำเนินการที่เกี่ยวข้องกับกิจกรรมที่เป็นหรือสงสัยว่าเป็นการผิดกฎหมาย การฉ้อโกง หรือการกระทำผิดอื่นๆ
ผู้ให้บริการ: เราอาจว่าจ้างบริษัทบุคคลที่สาม ผู้รับเหมา 					และบุคคลที่ให้บริการเป็นส่วนเติมเต็มให้บริการของเรา (เช่น บริการโฮสติ้ง บริการวิเคราะห์ข้อมูล 					บริการและเครื่องมือเอเจนซี่การตลาดและโฆษณา บริการการรักษาความปลอดภัยทางข้อมูลและการรักษาความปลอดภัยทางไซเบอร์ 					บริการตรวจจับและป้องกันการฉ้อโกง บริการประมวลผลการชำระเงิน พันธมิตรฝ่ายสนับสนุนลูกค้า ผู้ดูแลภายนอกและผู้ทดสอบ 					บริการการมีส่วนร่วมของผู้ใช้ บริการการกระจายอีเมลและการเฝ้าตรวจสอบ การบันทึกเซสชัน และที่ปรึกษาทางด้านกฎหมาย 					ธุรกิจ การเงิน และการปฏิบัติตามกฎระเบียบของเรา) (รวมเรียกว่า “ผู้ให้บริการ”) 					ผู้ให้บริการเหล่านี้อาจเข้าถึงข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของคุณ 					ทั้งนี้ขึ้นอยู่กับบทบาทและวัตถุประสงค์เฉพาะของผู้ให้บริการแต่ละรายในการอำนวยความสะดวกและเสริมบริการของเรา 					และจะต้องประมวลผลข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลตามวัตถุประสงค์ที่เราแนะนำ นอกจากนี้ เราอาจแบ่งปันข้อมูลที่เป็นนิรนาม เชิงสถิติ 					หรือข้อมูลสรุปรวมกับผู้ให้บริการของเราเพื่อวัตถุประสงค์ทางธุรกิจที่ชอบด้วยกฎหมาย เท่านั้น
การรวมบริการกับบุคคลที่สาม บริการอนุญาตให้คุณรวมเข้ากับบริการของบุคคลที่สามบางอย่าง เช่น 					เพื่อเชื่อมต่อบัญชี Facebook, Google หรือ Apple ของคุณกับเกมบางเกม การเข้าสู่ระบบด้วย Google, Facebook 					หรือการลงชื่อเข้าใช้ด้วย Apple หรือทำการสั่งซื้อ 					ซึ่งในกรณีนี้คุณจะถูกผูกมัดโดยข้อกำหนดและเงื่อนไขและประกาศความเป็นส่วนตัวของบุคคลที่สามดังกล่าว (เช่น Apple, 					Google หรือ Facebook) ดังนั้นโปรดตรวจสอบให้แน่ใจว่าคุณได้อ่านและยอมรับข้อกำหนดและเงื่อนไขดังกล่าวล่วงหน้า 					เราไม่ได้รับหรือเก็บรหัสผ่านของคุณสำหรับบริการของบุคคลที่สามใดๆ เหล่านี้
การปกป้องสิทธิและความปลอดภัย:
					เราอาจแบ่งปันข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของคุณกับผู้อื่นไม่ว่าจะแจ้งให้คุณทราบหรือไม่ก็ตาม 					หากเราเชื่อโดยสุจริตใจว่าการดำเนินการนี้จะช่วยปกป้องสิทธิ์ ทรัพย์สิน หรือความปลอดภัยส่วนบุคคลของ Moon Active 					ผู้ใช้ของเรา หรือสาธารณชน
บริษัทสาขาและบริษัทในเครือ Moon Active:
					เราอาจแบ่งปันข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลเป็นการภายในกับบริษัทต่างๆ 					ในเครือของเราตามวัตถุประสงค์ที่อธิบายไว้ในนโยบายความเป็นส่วนตัวนี้ นอกจากนี้หาก Moon Active หรือ บริษัท 					ในเครือใด ๆ มีการเปลี่ยนแปลงการควบคุม รวมถึงโดยการควบรวมกิจการ การซื้อกิจการ 					หรือการซื้อสินทรัพย์ทั้งหมดอย่างมีนัยสำคัญ 					ข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของคุณอาจถูกแบ่งปันกับบุคคลที่เกี่ยวข้องในเหตุการณ์ดังกล่าว 					หากเราเชื่อว่าการเปลี่ยนแปลงการควบคุมดังกล่าวอาจส่งผลกระทบอย่างมีนัยสำคัญต่อข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของคุณที่จัดเก็บไว้กับเรา 					เราจะแจ้งให้คุณทราบถึงเหตุการณ์นี้และตัวเลือกที่อาจมีให้คุณ ผ่านทางอีเมล 					และ/หรือการแจ้งเตือนที่เห็นได้ชัดเจนในบริการของเรา

เพื่อขจัดข้อสงสัย Moon Active อาจแบ่งปันข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของคุณเพิ่มเติมโดยมีการขออนุมัติอย่างชัดแจ้งจากคุณ 				หรือหากเรามีภาระผูกพันทางกฎหมายที่จะต้องดำเนินการเช่นนั้น 				หรือหากเราแปลงข้อมูลเหล่านั้นให้ไม่เป็นส่วนบุคคลและเป็นนิรนามได้สำเร็จแล้ว เราอาจถ่ายโอน แบ่งปัน 				หรือใช้ข้อมูลที่ไม่ใช่ข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลตามดุลยพินิจของเราแต่เพียงผู้เดียว และไม่จำเป็นต้องขออนุมัติเพิ่มเติม
6. การสื่อสาร

การสื่อสารเกี่ยวกับบริการ: เราอาจติดต่อคุณเพื่อแจ้งข้อมูลสำคัญเกี่ยวกับบริการของเรา ตัวอย่างเช่น 					เราอาจแจ้งให้คุณทราบ (ผ่านวิธีการใด ๆ ที่เรามี) ถึงการเปลี่ยนแปลงหรือการอัปเดตเกี่ยวกับบริการของเรา 					ปัญหาการเรียกเก็บเงิน ฯลฯ คุณจะไม่สามารถยกเลิกการรับการสื่อสารเกี่ยวกับบริการเช่นนี้ได้
การสื่อสารเพื่อส่งเสริมการขาย: หากคุณลงทะเบียนเพื่อรับการสื่อสารดังกล่าวจากเรา 					เราอาจแจ้งให้คุณทราบเกี่ยวกับบริการ กิจกรรม และโอกาสพิเศษใหม่ หรือข้อมูลอื่นใดที่เราคิดว่ามีคุณค่าสำหรับคุณ 					เราอาจให้การประกาศดังกล่าวผ่านทางช่องทางการติดต่อใดๆ ที่เรามี (เช่น โทรศัพท์มือถือหรืออีเมล) ผ่านบริการ 					หรือผ่านแคมเปญการตลาดของเรา ในเว็บไซต์หรือแพลตฟอร์มอื่นใด

คุณมีสิทธิ์ถอนถอนความยินยอมในการรับการสื่อสารเพื่อการส่งเสริมการขายได้ตลอดเวลา โดยติดต่อเราที่ https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/th
				หรือโดยทำตามคำแนะนำ "ยกเลิกการบอกรับข้อมูล", "หยุด" หรือ 				"เปลี่ยนการกำหนดลักษณะอีเมล"ในการสื่อสารส่งเสริมการขายที่คุณได้รับ
7. การรักษาความปลอดภัยข้อมูล
เพื่อปกป้องข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของคุณที่เราและผู้ให้บริการของเราถือครอง เราใช้มาตรการรักษาความปลอดภัยทางกายภาพ 				ทางขั้นตอนดำเนินงาน และทางอิเล็กทรอนิกส์ที่เหมาะสม รวมถึงการเข้ารหัสตามที่พิจารณาว่าเหมาะสม อย่างไรก็ตาม 				โปรดทราบว่าเราไม่สามารถและจะไม่รับประกันการป้องกันและความปลอดภัยอย่างสมบูรณ์แบบของข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลใด ๆ 				ที่เก็บไว้กับเราหรือกับบุคคลที่สาม ไม่ว่าจะใช้มาตรการรักษาความปลอดภัยใดก็ตาม 				หากคุณพบปัญหาด้านการรักษาความปลอดภัยหรือความไม่ปลอดภัยที่เกี่ยวข้องกับบริการ คุณควรส่งอีเมลไปที่: info@moonactive.com
8. คุกกี้และเทคโนโลยีการติดตาม
บริการของเราและผู้ให้บริการบางรายของเราใช้ “คุกกี้” ตัวระบุแบบนิรนาม และเทคโนโลยีการติดตามอื่น ๆ 				(รวมเรียกว่า “เทคโนโลยีการติดตาม”) ซึ่งช่วยเราในการให้บริการและปรับปรุงบริการของเรา 				การปรับประสบการณ์ให้เป็นแบบเฉพาะตัวคุณ รวมถึงการติดตามประสิทธิภาพของกิจกรรมและแคมเปญของเรา ตลอดจนการใช้งานแอป เกม 				และบริการของเราโดยรวม สำหรับข้อมูลเพิ่มเติมกรุณาไปที่นโยบายคุกกี้
9. การโฆษณา 
เกมของเรารวมถึงการโฆษณาสำหรับบริการและผลิตภัณฑ์ของบุคคลที่สาม 				เราและพันธมิตรผู้โฆษณาของเราใช้ข้อมูลบางอย่างเกี่ยวกับคุณเพื่อปรับปรุงวิธีปฏิบัติในการโฆษณาของเรา 				และทำให้โฆษณาที่เรานำเสนอมีประสิทธิภาพมากขึ้น มีความเกี่ยวข้องมากขึ้น และสนุกสนานมากขึ้น 				รวมถึงโดยใช้การโฆษณาตามความสนใจ ตลอดจนการกำหนดเป้าหมายและการวัดผลโฆษณาและระบบการระบุแหล่งที่มา
ข้อมูลดังกล่าวรวมถึงตัวระบุโฆษณาในอุปกรณ์ของคุณ (เช่น IDFA หรือ Advertising ID) จนถึงขอบเขตการมีอยู่) 				ข้อมูลที่เกี่ยวข้องกับโปรไฟล์ Facebook, Google หรือ Apple ที่เชื่อมโยงของคุณ (ถ้ามี เช่น เพศ ภูมิภาค 				หรือประเทศของคุณ) เนื้อหาการเล่นเกม ID ผู้ใช้ในเกม ข้อมูลการโต้ตอบกับผลิตภัณฑ์ และข้อมูลเชิงประชากรและความสนใจอื่นๆ 				ที่เราหรือพันธมิตรผู้โฆษณาของเราอาจได้รับจากหรือเกี่ยวกับคุณ โดยถือตามความยินยอมของคุณหรือพื้นฐานทางกฎหมายอื่น (เช่น 				ตามที่จำเป็นเพื่อให้บริการของเราแก่คุณ หรือขึ้นกับประโยชน์ที่ถูกต้องตามกฎหมายที่เราอธิบายไว้ข้างต้น)
โฆษณาที่เราหรือพันธมิตรผู้โฆษณาของเราแสดง อาจปรากฏในเกมของเรา บริการของเรา หรือผ่านช่องทางอื่นๆ เช่น 				เว็บไซต์และแอปพลิเคชันของบุคคลที่สาม
นโยบายความเป็นส่วนตัวนี้ไม่มีผลบังคับใช้กับวิธีปฏิบัติของบริษัทที่เราไม่ได้เป็นเจ้าของหรือควบคุม 				หรือพนักงานหรือผู้ให้บริการที่เราไม่ได้จัดการ ข้อมูลใด ๆ ที่คุณให้กับไซต์ แอปพลิเคชัน หรือบริการ 				ที่โฆษณาผ่านบริการของเรา จะได้รับการคุ้มครองโดยนโยบายความเป็นส่วนตัวที่เกี่ยวข้องที่ระบุไว้ในที่นั้น 				โปรดอ่านนโยบายความเป็นส่วนตัวของแอปพลิเคชัน บริการ และเว็บไซต์ของบุคคลที่สามใดๆ 				ที่คุณเยี่ยมชมหรือให้สิทธิ์ในการเข้าถึงข้อมูลของคุณ บุคคลที่สามมีหน้าที่รับผิดชอบในการปกป้องข้อมูลใด ๆ 				ที่คุณให้แก่พวกเขา ดังนั้นเราจะไม่รับผิดชอบต่อการที่พวกเขาใช้ข้อมูลระบุตัวตนของคุณ 				สำหรับข้อมูลเพิ่มเติมกรุณาไปที่นโยบายคุกกี้

วิธีปรับเปลี่ยนการตั้งค่าของคุณเกี่ยวกับการโฆษณาตามความสนใจหากคุณต้องการป้องกันการใช้ Advertising 					ID ของอุปกรณ์ของคุณ หรือตัวระบุอื่นๆ สำหรับการโฆษณาตามความสนใจ 					คุณสามารถเปลี่ยนการตั้งค่าอุปกรณ์ของคุณเพื่อรีเซ็ต Advertising ID ดังกล่าวหรือยกเลิกการโฆษณาดังกล่าว 					(โดยทั่วไปจะอยู่ภายใต้ส่วน “ความเป็นส่วนตัว” หรือ “โฆษณา” ในการตั้งค่าอุปกรณ์ของคุณ) 					หากคุณอาศัยอยู่ในสหรัฐอเมริกา แคนาดา หรือยุโรป 					คุณสามารถยกเลิกการรวบรวมข้อมูลของคุณโดยพันธมิตรผู้โฆษณาของเราที่เข้าร่วม Digital Advertising Alliance 					ได้โดยไปที่ www.aboutads.info/choices (สำหรับผู้ใช้ชาวสหรัฐฯ), www.youradchoices.ca/choices 					(สำหรับผู้ใช้ชาวแคนาดา), www.youronlinechoices.eu
					(สำหรับผู้ใช้ชาวยุโรป)โปรดทราบว่าหากคุณรีเซ็ต Advertising ID หรือยกเลิกการโฆษณาตามความสนใจ 					คุณอาจยังเห็นโฆษณาในเกมของเราหรือในช่องทางอื่นๆ อยู่ 					แต่โฆษณาเหล่านั้นจะไม่ได้มีการกำหนดเป้าหมายตามตัวระบุที่กล่าวมาข้างต้น ตัวอย่างเช่น 					โฆษณาดังกล่าวอาจขึ้นอยู่กับบริบทแทน เช่น ความคืบหน้าและการกระทำของคุณในเกม หรือการกำหนดภาษาของคุณ 					โปรดทราบว่าการกระทำดังกล่าวอาจส่งผลให้ประสบการณ์การใช้งานของผู้ใช้น่าเพลิดเพลินน้อยลง
ข้อมูลแบบสรุปรวมและข้อมูลวิเคราะห์เราใช้เครื่องมือวิเคราะห์มาตรฐานของ Google Analytics 					และเราอาจใช้เครื่องมือวิเคราะห์เพิ่มเติมหรือเครื่องมือวิเคราะห์อื่นๆ เป็นครั้งคราว 					แนวทางปฏิบัติด้านความเป็นส่วนตัวของเครื่องมือเหล่านี้ขึ้นอยู่กับนโยบายความเป็นส่วนตัวของพวกเขาเอง 					สำหรับข้อมูลเพิ่มเติมกรุณาไปที่นโยบายคุกกี้
ผลิตภัณฑ์ของ GoogleGoogle ใช้เทคโนโลยีเช่นคุกกี้เพื่อติดตามและวิเคราะห์การใช้งานเว็บไซต์ 					และ/หรือ SDK เพื่อแสดงโฆษณาภายในเกมของเรา เพื่อเรียนรู้เพิ่มเติมเกี่ยวกับวิธีการที่ Google ประมวลผลข้อมูล 					เราขอแนะนำให้คุณอ่านนโยบายของ Google ที่:  https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites 					สำหรับข้อมูลเพิ่มเติม โปรดดูเครื่องมือทางเว็บสำหรับการเลือกไม่รับบริการของ Google Analytics ได้ที่:
					 https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout สำหรับข้อมูลเพิ่มเติมเกี่ยวกับข้อมูลที่ Google SDK 					ประมวลผลและจัดเก็บ โปรดดูที่: https://support.google.com/admob/answer/7665968

10. สิทธิของเจ้าของข้อมูลส่วนบุคคล – เขตเศรษฐกิจยุโรป 					สวิตเซอร์แลนด์ และสหราชอาณาจักร
หากคุณเป็นผู้อยู่อาศัยในเขตเศรษฐกิจยุโรป (EEA), สวิตเซอร์แลนด์ หรือสหราชอาณาจักร (UK) 				แล้วเป็นผู้ที่เราประมวลผลข้อมูลส่วนบุคคล คุณมีสิทธิ์ที่จะ

ขอเข้าถึงข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของคุณ (รู้จักโดยทั่วไปว่า “คำขอเข้าถึงของเจ้าของข้อมูล”).
					ซึ่งช่วยให้คุณได้รับสำเนาข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลที่เราครอบครองเกี่ยวกับตัวคุณ 					และตรวจสอบว่าเราประมวลผลข้อมูลดังกล่าวอย่างถูกกฎหมาย
ขอแก้ไขข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลที่เราครอบครองเกี่ยวกับตัวคุณ 					ซึ่งทำให้คุณสามารถแก้ไขข้อมูลที่ไม่สมบูรณ์หรือไม่ถูกต้องเกี่ยวกับตัวคุณที่เราเก็บไว้ได้
ขอลบข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของคุณ 					ซึ่งทำให้คุณสามารถขอให้เราลบหรือย้ายออกข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลที่ไม่มีเหตุผลอันเหมาะสมที่เราจะประมวลผลต่อไป นอกจากนี้ 					คุณยังมีสิทธิ์ขอให้เราลบหรือนำออกข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลที่คุณได้ใช้สิทธิ์คัดค้านการประมวลผล (ดูด้านล่าง)
คัดค้านการประมวลผลข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของคุณที่เราอิงผลประโยชน์ที่ชอบด้วยกฎหมาย (หรือของบุคคลที่สาม) 					และมีบางอย่างเกี่ยวกับสถานการณ์ที่เฉพาะเจาะจงซึ่งทำให้คุณต้องการคัดค้านการประมวลผลด้วยเหตุผลนี้ นอกจากนี้ 					คุณมีสิทธิ์ที่จะคัดค้านโดยที่เรากำลังประมวลผลข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของคุณเพื่อวัตถุประสงค์ทางการตลาดโดยตรง
ขอจำกัดการประมวลผลข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของคุณ 					ซึ่งทำให้คุณขอให้เราระงับการประมวลผลข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลเกี่ยวกับคุณ เช่น 					หากคุณต้องการให้เราแสดงให้เห็นความแม่นยำหรือเหตุผลของการประมวลผล
ขอให้ถ่ายโอนข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของคุณให้บุคคลอื่น
ไม่มีค่าธรรมเนียมโดยปกติคุณจะไม่ต้องจ่ายค่าธรรมเนียมเพื่อเข้าถึงข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของคุณ 					(หรือเพื่อใช้สิทธิ์อื่นใด) แต่เราอาจเรียกเก็บค่าธรรมเนียมตามสมควร 					หากคำขอในการเข้าถึงของคุณไม่มีเหตุผลหรือมากเกินความจำเป็น มิฉะนั้น 					เราอาจปฏิเสธที่จะปฏิบัติตามคำขอในสถานการณ์ดังกล่าว
สิ่งที่เราอาจต้องการจากคุณเราอาจต้องขอข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลจากคุณเพื่อช่วยให้เรายืนยันยืนยันตัวตน 					และยืนยันสิทธิ์ของคุณในการเข้าถึงข้อมูล (หรือเพื่อใช้สิทธิ์อื่นใด) 					ซึ่งเป็นมาตรการรักษาความปลอดภัยที่เหมาะสมอีกอย่างหนึ่ง เพื่อให้มั่นใจว่าไม่มีการเปิดเผยข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลต่อบุคคลใด 					ๆ ที่ไม่มีสิทธิ์ได้รับข้อมูลดังกล่าว
สิทธิ์เพิกถอนความยินยอม

ในสถานการณ์จำกัดที่คุณอาจให้ความยินยอมในการเก็บรวบรวม ประมวลผล 				และถ่ายโอนข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของคุณตามวัตถุประสงค์ที่เฉพาะเจาะจง 				คุณมีสิทธิ์ที่จะเพิกถอนความยินยอมสำหรับการประมวลผลที่เฉพาะเจาะจงนั้นได้ทุกเมื่อ ในการเพิกถอนความยินยอม กรุณาติดต่อ 				info@moonactive.com เมื่อเราได้รับแจ้งว่าคุณเพิกถอนความยินยอม 				เราจะไม่ประมวลผลข้อมูลของคุณตามวัตถุประสงค์หนึ่งหรือหลายประการที่คุณเห็นชอบด้วยก่อนหน้านี้อีกต่อไป 				เว้นแต่เราจะมีฐานทางกฎหมายอื่นในการดำเนินการเช่นนั้นในทางกฎหมาย
หากคุณต้องการใช้สิทธิ์ของคุณภายใต้กฎหมายที่มีผลบังคับใช้ (เช่น ระเบียบการคุ้มครองข้อมูลทั่วไปหรือ GDPR 				ของสหราชอาณาจักร) โปรดติดต่อเราที่นี่
หากคุณอาศัยอยู่ในเขตเศรษฐกิจยุโรปหรือสหราชอาณาจักร 				คุณยังสามารถติดต่อกับตัวแทนเขตเศรษฐกิจยุโรปหรือสหราชอาณาจักรของเราได้ที่ dpr@moonactive.com
หากคุณต้องการจัดการข้อมูลที่เราได้รับเกี่ยวกับคุณจากแอปพลิเคชันหรือแพลตฟอร์มของบุคคลที่สามที่คุณเล่นเกมของเรา เช่น 				Facebook, Apple หรือ Google 				โปรดปฏิบัติตามคำแนะนำของแอปพลิเคชันของบุคคลที่สามสำหรับการอัปเดตข้อมูลของคุณและการเปลี่ยนการตั้งค่าความเป็นส่วนตัวของคุณ 			
คุณมีสิทธิ์ยื่นเรื่องร้องเรียนต่อหน่วยงานกำกับดูแลการคุ้มครองข้อมูลได้  สำหรับผู้อยู่อาศัยในเขตเศรษฐกิจยุโรป 				คุณสามารถดูรายละเอียดของหน่วยงานกำกับดูแลแห่งชาติของคุณได้ที่ https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en ผู้อยู่อาศัยในสหราชอาณาจักรสามารถติดต่อสำนักงานกรรมาธิการข้อมูลที่ 				https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
11. การถ่ายโอนข้อมูล
ข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของคุณอาจได้รับการดูแลรักษา ประมวลผล เข้าถึง และจัดเก็บโดย Moon Active 				รวมถึงบริษัทในเครือที่ได้รับอนุญาตและผู้ให้บริการของเราในและจากสหรัฐอเมริกาและเขตอำนาจศาลอื่น ๆ 				ตามความจำเป็นสำหรับการส่งมอบบริการของเราที่เหมาะสม หรืออาจมีความจำเป็นตามกฎหมาย Moon Active 				ยึดตามเขตอำนาจศาลที่หน่วยงานของสหราชอาณาจักร สวิตเซอร์แลนด์ 				และคณะกรรมาธิการยุโรปพิจารณาแล้วว่าให้การคุ้มครองข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของผู้มีถิ่นที่อยู่ในเขตเศรษฐกิจยุโรปและสหราชอาณาจักรในระดับที่เพียงพอ 			
เราอาจถ่ายโอนข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลที่เราเก็บรวบรวมเกี่ยวกับคุณนอกเขตเศรษฐกิจยุโรป สวิตเซอร์แลนด์ 				หรือสหราชอาณาจักรเพื่อเข้าทำสัญญาของเรากับคุณ ในการรับรองว่าข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของคุณได้รับการป้องกันในระดับที่เพียงพอ 				เราได้จัดให้มีมาตรการต่อไปนี้เพื่อรับรองว่าข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของคุณได้รับการดูแล 				โดยบุคคลที่สามในลักษณะที่สอดคล้องและเคารพกฎหมายสหภาพยุโรปและสหราชอาณาจักรว่าด้วยการคุ้มครองข้อมูล ซึ่งก็คือ 				ข้อสัญญามาตรฐานและประเทศที่อยู่ภายใต้การพิจารณากำหนดความเพียงพอของสหภาพยุโรป 				หากคุณต้องการข้อมูลเพิ่มเติมเกี่ยวกับมาตรการคุ้มครอง คุณสามารถติดต่อเราโดยใช้รายละเอียดในส่วนที่ 13
12. ผู้เยาว์
เกมและบริการต่อไปนี้มีให้เฉพาะกับบุคคลที่มีอายุสิบหก(16) ปีขึ้นไป:  “My 				Café: Recipes and stories”, “Toy Defense”, “Toy Defense 2”, “Toy Defense:
				Fantasy”, “Fish Now.io”, “Kitchen Stars”, “Family Island”, “My Pizza 				Restaurant”, “Zen Match”, “Travel Town”
เกมและบริการอื่น ๆ 					ทั้งหมดมีให้เฉพาะกับบุคคลที่มีอายุสิบแปด (18) ปีขึ้นไป 					หรือบรรลุนิติภาวะในเขตอำนาจศาลของคุณ
เราขอสงวนสิทธิ์ในการขอหลักฐานพิสูจน์อายุในขั้นตอนใดๆ เราอาจปิดกั้นผู้ใช้ที่เราสงสัยว่ามีอายุต่ำกว่าที่อนุญาต 					เราไม่ได้รวบรวมข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลจากผู้เยาว์อย่างรู้เท่าทัน และไม่ต้องการทำเช่นนั้น 					หากเราเรียนรู้ว่าผู้เยาว์กำลังใช้บริการหรือเล่นเกมใดๆ ของเรา 					เราอาจห้ามและปิดกั้นการใช้งานดังกล่าวและจะพยายามทุกวิถีทางในการลบข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลใดๆ 					ที่เราจัดเก็บไว้ที่เกี่ยวกับผู้เยาว์ดังกล่าวโดยทันที
หากคุณเชื่อว่าเราอาจมีข้อมูลดังกล่าว โปรดติดต่อเราที่ https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/th
13.
					การแก้ไขปรับปรุงและฉบับที่มีผลควบคุม
เราอาจแก้ไขนโยบายนี้เป็นครั้งคราวโดยการโพสต์ฉบับแก้ไขปรับปรุงในบริการของเรา ฉบับแก้ไขปรับปรุงจะมีผลบังคับใช้ ณ 				วันที่เผยแพร่ เราจะแจ้งให้ทราบล่วงหน้าหากมีการเปลี่ยนแปลงที่สำคัญใด ๆ ที่เกี่ยวข้อง ผ่านวิธีการสื่อสารใด ๆ ที่เรามี 				หรือในบริการ หลังจากระยะเวลาแจ้งให้ทราบนี้ ถือว่าคุณยอมรับการแก้ไขปรับปรุงทั้งหมด 				หากคุณไม่เห็นด้วยที่จะถูกผูกมัดตามข้อกำหนดของนโยบายความเป็นส่วนตัวฉบับใหม่หรือฉบับแก้ไข คุณจะต้องหยุดใช้บริการ
นโยบายความเป็นส่วนตัวถูกร่างขึ้นในภาษาอังกฤษซึ่งเป็นต้นฉบับและเป็นฉบับที่มีผลควบคุมของนโยบายความเป็นส่วนตัวนี้ 				การแปลนโยบายความเป็นส่วนตัวนี้เป็นภาษาอื่นเป็นไปเพื่อความสะดวกเท่านั้น 				และไม่มีผลควบคุมความหมายหรือการบังคับใช้นโยบายความเป็นส่วนตัวนี้ ในกรณีที่มีความแตกต่างระหว่างความหมายของฉบับแปลใด ๆ 				ของนโยบายความเป็นส่วนตัวกับฉบับภาษาอังกฤษ ความหมายของฉบับภาษาอังกฤษจะมีผลบังคับ
14. ติดต่อเรา
 หากคุณมีความคิดเห็นหรือคำถามเกี่ยวกับนโยบายความเป็นส่วนตัวนี้ หรือหากคุณมีข้อกังวลใด ๆ 				เกี่ยวกับความเป็นส่วนตัวของคุณ หรือเพื่อติดต่อผู้จัดการการคุ้มครองข้อมูลของ Moon Active โปรดใช้ลิงก์นี้
หากคุณอาศัยอยู่ในสหภาพยุโรปหรือสหราชอาณาจักร คุณยังสามารถติดต่อกับตัวแทนสหภาพยุโรปหรือสหราชอาณาจักรของเราได้ที่ dpr@moonactive.com.
 
 
ภาคผนวก A
ภาคผนวกความเป็นส่วนตัวของผู้สมัคร
Moon Active มุ่งมั่นที่จะคุ้มครองความเป็นส่วนตัวและความปลอดภัยของข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของคุณ 				ภาคผนวกความเป็นส่วนตัวของผู้สมัครฉบับนี้จะอธิบายว่าเราเก็บรวบรวมและใช้ข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลเกี่ยวกับคุณอย่างไร 				ก่อนที่คุณจะเริ่มมีความสัมพันธ์ในการทำงานกับเรา 				โดยเป็นไปตามกฎหมายคุ้มครองข้อมูลที่บังคับใช้ซึ่งมีผลกับผู้สมัครทั้งหมดในตำแหน่ง พนักงาน แรงงาน หรือผู้รับเหมา
ภาคผนวกความเป็นส่วนตัวของผู้สมัครฉบับนี้บังคับใช้กับผู้สมัครที่สมัครในบทบาทการจ้างงานหรือผู้รับเหมากับ Moon Active 				ภาคผนวกความเป็นส่วนตัวของผู้สมัครฉบับนี้ไม่ได้เป็นส่วนหนึ่งของสัญญาการจ้างงานหรือสัญญาในการให้บริการอื่นใด 				เราสามารถปรับเปลี่ยนประกาศฉบับนี้ได้ทุกเมื่อ
คุณจำเป็นต้องอ่านภาคผนวกความเป็นส่วนตัวของผู้สมัครฉบับนี้ร่วมกับนโยบายความเป็นส่วนตัวของเราและประกาศความเป็นส่วนตัวอื่น 				ๆ ที่เราอาจมอบให้คุณในตอนที่เราเก็บรวบรวมหรือประมวลผลข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลเกี่ยวกับคุณ 				เพื่อให้คุณทราบวิธีการและสาเหตุที่เราใช้ข้อมูลดังกล่าว 				และทราบว่าคุณมีสิทธิ์ใดบ้างภายใต้กฎหมายคุ้มครองข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลที่บังคับใช้
A. หลักการคุ้มครองข้อมูล:
เราจะปฏิบัติตามกฎหมายคุ้มครองข้อมูล ซึ่งกำหนดให้ข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลเกี่ยวกับคุณที่เราถือครองอยู่นั้นจะต้อง:

ได้รับการนำไปใช้โดยชอบด้วยกฎหมาย ตรงไปตรงมา และโปร่งใส
ได้รับการเก็บรวบรวมเพื่อวัตถุประสงค์ที่เราได้อธิบายกับคุณอย่างชัดเจนเท่านั้น 					และจะไม่นำไปใช้ในแนวทางอื่นใดที่ไม่สอดคล้องกับวัตถุประสงค์ดังกล่าว
เกี่ยวข้องกับวัตถุประสงค์ที่เราได้แจ้งแก่คุณ และจำกัดเฉพาะวัตถุประสงค์ดังกล่าวเท่านั้น
ถูกต้องแม่นยำและเป็นปัจจุบันอยู่เสมอ
เก็บรักษาไว้นานเท่าที่จำเป็นสำหรับวัตถุประสงค์ที่เราได้แจ้งแก่คุณเท่านั้น และ
เก็บรักษาไว้อย่างปลอดภัย

 
B. ประเภทของข้อมูลที่เราถือครองเกี่ยวกับคุณ:
ข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลหรือข้อมูลส่วนบุคคล หมายถึง ข้อมูลใด ๆ เกี่ยวกับปัจเจกบุคคลที่สามารถใช้ระบุตัวบุคคลนั้นได้ 				ซึ่งไม่รวมข้อมูลที่มีการนำตัวตนออกไปแล้ว (ข้อมูลแบบนิรนาม) มี “หมวดหมู่พิเศษ” 				ของข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลที่มีความละเอียดอ่อนมากขึ้นซึ่งจำเป็นต้องได้รับการคุ้มครองในระดับที่สูงขึ้น เช่น 				ข้อมูลเกี่ยวกับสุขภาพและรสนิยมทางเพศของแต่ละบุคคล
เราอาจเก็บรวบรวม จัดเก็บ และใช้ข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลเกี่ยวกับคุณในหมวดหมู่ต่อไปนี้:

รายละเอียดข้อมูลติดต่อส่วนบุคคล เช่น ชื่อ คำนำหน้าชื่อ ที่อยู่ หมายเลขโทรศัพท์ และอีเมลส่วนตัว
วันเกิด
เพศ
ญาติที่ใกล้ชิดที่สุด และข้อมูลติดต่อฉุกเฉิน
สถานที่จ้างงานหรือที่ทำงาน
ข้อมูลการสรรหา (ได้แก่ สำเนาเอกสารแสดงสิทธิ์ในการทำงาน เอกสารอ้างอิง และข้อมูลอื่น ๆ ที่รวมอยู่ใน CV 					หรือจดหมายสมัครงาน หรือที่เป็นส่วนหนึ่งของกระบวนการสมัคร
ประวัติการจ้างงาน (ได้แก่ ตำแหน่งงาน ประวัติการทำงาน ชั่วโมงการทำงาน วันหยุด ประวัติการฝึกอบรม 					และการเป็นสมาชิกทางวิชาชีพ)
ประวัติค่าตอบแทน
ข้อมูลประสิทธิภาพการทำงาน
ข้อมูลทางวินัยและการร้องทุกข์
วิดีโอจากโทรทัศน์วงจรปิดและข้อมูลอื่นที่ได้รับผ่านวิธีการทางอิเล็กทรอนิกส์ เช่น 					บันทึกการรูดบัตรระหว่างกระบวนการสัมภาษณ์ หากมี
รูปถ่าย
สำหรับในสหราชอาณาจักร ผลลัพธ์ของการตรวจสอบสถานะการจ้างงานของ HMRC, รายละเอียดที่คุณสนใจ 					และการเชื่อมต่อกับคนกลางที่คุณให้บริการ

C. ข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของคุณมีวิธีการเก็บรวบรวมอย่างไร?  
เราเก็บรวบรวมข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลเกี่ยวกับผู้สมัครผ่านทางแอปพลิเคชันและกระบวนการสรรหา 				ไม่ว่าจะผ่านทางผู้สมัครโดยตรงหรือจากบริษัทจัดหางานในบางครั้ง เราอาจเก็บรวบรวมข้อมูลเพิ่มเติมจากบุคคลที่สามในบางครั้ง 				เช่น ผู้ว่าจ้างคนก่อนหน้า
D. เราจะใช้ข้อมูลเกี่ยวกับคุณอย่างไร:
เราจะใช้ข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของคุณก็ต่อเมื่อกฎหมายอนุญาตและมีมูลเหตุที่ชอบด้วยกฎหมายให้ดำเนินการเช่นนั้น 				ส่วนใหญ่เราจะอาศัยมูลเหตุที่ชอบด้วยกฎหมายดังต่อไปนี้ในการประมวลผลข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของคุณ:

เมื่อเราได้รับความยินยอมจากคุณให้ดำเนินการเช่นนั้น ("ความยินยอม”)
เมื่อเราต้องดำเนินการตามสัญญาที่ทำไว้กับคุณ หรือจัดการเพื่อให้เป็นไปตามสัญญาที่ทำไว้กับคุณ 					(“สัญญา”)
เมื่อเราจำเป็นต้องปฏิบัติตามข้อผูกพันทางกฎหมาย ("ข้อผูกพันทางกฎหมาย”)
เมื่อจำเป็นสำหรับผลประโยชน์ที่ชอบด้วยกฎหมายของเรา (หรือของบุคคลที่สาม) 					และไม่ขัดกับผลประโยชน์และสิทธิ์ขั้นพื้นฐานของคุณ ("ผลประโยชน์ที่ชอบด้วยกฎหมาย”)

หากคุณไม่สามารถให้ข้อมูลได้ตามที่ขอ เราอาจไม่สามารถประเมินคุณสมบัติหรือความเหมาะสมของคุณสำหรับตำแหน่งที่ว่างอยู่ 				หรือเราอาจไม่สามารถปฏิบัติตามข้อผูกพันทางกฎหมายของเราได้
เราจะใช้ข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของคุณเพื่อวัตถุประสงค์ที่เราเก็บรวบรวมข้อมูลมาเท่านั้น 				เว้นแต่ว่าเราจะพิจารณาอย่างสมเหตุสมผลแล้วว่าเราจำเป็นต้องใช้ข้อมูลดังกล่าวเพื่อเหตุผลอื่น 				และเหตุผลนั้นสอดคล้องกับวัตถุประสงค์ดั้งเดิม 				หากเราจำเป็นต้องใช้ข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของคุณเพื่อวัตถุประสงค์ที่ไม่เกี่ยวข้อง 				เราจะแจ้งให้คุณทราบและจะอธิบายฐานกฎหมายที่อนุญาตให้เราทำเช่นนั้น
โปรดทราบว่าเราอาจประมวลผลข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของคุณโดยไม่ต้องให้คุณรับทราบหรือยินยอม 				เมื่อมีความจำเป็นหรือได้รับอนุญาตตามกฎหมายโดยสอดคล้องกับกฎที่ระบุข้างต้น
ข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลเกี่ยวกับคุณที่เราถือครองจำเป็นต้องมีความถูกต้องแม่นยำและเป็นปัจจุบัน 				โปรดแจ้งให้เราทราบเมื่อมีการเปลี่ยนแปลงข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของคุณในช่วงการสมัคร
E. การแบ่งปันข้อมูล:
เราอาจแบ่งปันข้อมูลของคุณกับบุคคลที่สาม รวมถึงผู้ให้บริการบุคคลที่สาม และหน่วยงานที่ Moon Active
เราบังคับให้บุคคลที่สามเคารพการรักษาความปลอดภัยข้อมูลของคุณ และเก็บรักษาโดยสอดคล้องกับกฎหมาย
เราอาจถ่ายโอนข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของคุณนอกสหภาพยุโรป และหากเราถ่ายโอน 				เราจะรับรองว่าข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของคุณได้รับการดูแลอย่างเพียงพอ กรุณาดูส่วนที่ 10 				ของนโยบายความเป็นส่วนตัวสำหรับข้อมูลเพิ่มเติม   

เหตุใดคุณจึงแบ่งปันข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของฉันกับบุคคลที่สาม?เราจะแบ่งปันข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของคุณกับบุคคลที่สามเมื่อกฎหมายกำหนด 					เมื่อต้องจัดการความสัมพันธ์ในการทำงานกับคุณ หรือในตอนที่เรามีผลประโยชน์ทางกฎหมายอย่างอื่นในการทำเช่นนั้น
ผู้ให้บริการบุคคลที่สามรายใดที่ประมวลผลข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของฉัน?“บุคคลที่สาม” 					ประกอบด้วยผู้ให้บริการบุคคลที่สาม (รวมถึงผู้รับเหมาและตัวแทนที่ได้รับมอบหมาย) 					ผู้ให้บริการต่อไปนี้ประมวลผลข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลเกี่ยวกับคุณเพื่อวัตถุประสงค์ต่อไปนี้:
					
Comeet – การสรรหา


ข้อมูลของฉันที่อยู่กับผู้ให้บริการและหน่วยงานอื่น ๆ 						ในกลุ่มบริษัทของเราปลอดภัยมากน้อยเพียงใด?ผู้ให้บริการทั้งหมดของเราต้องใช้มาตรการรักษาความปลอดภัยที่เหมาะสม 					เพื่อป้องกันข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของคุณโดยสอดคล้องกับนโยบายของเรา 					เราไม่อนุญาตให้ผู้ให้บริการใช้ข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของคุณเพื่อวัตถุประสงค์ของตนเอง 					เราอนุญาตให้ประมวลผลข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของเราตามวัตถุประสงค์ที่เฉพาะเจาะจงเท่านั้น และเป็นไปตามคำแนะนำของเรา
บุคคลที่สามรายอื่น ๆ 						เป็นอย่างไร?เราอาจต้องแบ่งปันข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของคุณกับหน่วยงานกำกับดูแล 					หรือเพื่อให้เป็นไปตามกฎหมาย

F. ทธิ์การเข้าถึง การแก้ไข การลบ และการจำกัด
หากคุณเป็นผู้อยู่อาศัยในเขตเศรษฐกิจยุโรปหรือสหราชอาณาจักร ภายใต้สถานการณ์ไม่แน่นอน 				คุณมีสิทธิ์ตามสิทธิ์ของเจ้าของข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลที่ระบุไว้ในส่วนที่ 9 ของนโยบายความเป็นส่วนตัว หากคุณอยากทบทวน ตรวจสอบ 				แก้ไข หรือขอลบข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของคุณ คัดค้านการประมวลผลของคุณ 				หรือขอให้เราถ่ายโอนสำเนาข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของคุณให้บุคคลอื่น กรุณาดูส่วนที่ 9 ของนโยบายความเป็นส่วนตัว
G. การเก็บรักษาข้อมูล
เราจะเก็บรักษาข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของคุณตราบเท่าที่จำเป็น เพื่อให้เป็นไปตามวัตถุประสงค์ที่เราเก็บรวบรวม 				รวมถึงเพื่อวัตถุประสงค์ในการตอบสนองตามข้อกำหนดทางกฎหมาย การลงบันทึก หรือการรายงานใด ๆ 				ตามกฎหมายและข้อบังคับที่บังคับใช้ ในการกำหนดระยะเวลาการเก็บรักษาที่เหมาะสมสำหรับข้อมูลส่วนบุคคล เราจะพิจารณาจำนวน 				ลักษณะ และความละเอียดอ่อนของข้อมูลส่วนบุคคล ความเสี่ยงอันตรายที่อาจเกิดขึ้นจากการใช้โดยไม่ได้รับอนุญาต 				หรือการเปิดเผยข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของคุณ วัตถุประสงค์ที่เราประมวลผลข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของคุณ 				ไม่ว่าเราสามารถบรรลุวัตถุประสงค์เหล่านั้นด้วยวิธีการอื่น ๆ และข้อกำหนดทางกฎหมายที่บังคับใช้ 				เมื่อเราไม่ต้องการข้อมูลผู้สมัครอีกต่อไป 				เราจะเก็บรักษาและทำลายข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของคุณอย่างปลอดภัยตามกฎหมายและข้อบังคับที่บังคับใช้
H. ติดต่อเรา
คุณสามารถติดต่อเราเมื่อมีคำถามหรือข้อกังวลใด ๆ โดยใช้รายละเอียดในส่วนที่ 14 ของนโยบายความเป็นส่วนตัว




Moon Active - Política de Privacidade
Última revisão: junho de 2023
A Moon Active Ltd. (e suas subsidiárias e afiliadas (coletivamente "Moon Active", 				"nós", "nossa" ou "nos") desenvolve, publica e opera jogos 				sociais para ambientes web e móveis (“Jogos”), bem como aplicativos web e 				móveis (isoladamente, “Aplicativo”) para jogar nossos Jogos em vários 				dispositivos e plataformas (como dispositivos móveis e Facebook).
Também operamos os sites www.moonactive.com, 				www.melsoft-games.com, seus subdomínios e recursos relacionados, bem como uma loja on-line 				(Site" e junto aos Jogos e Aplicativo, coletivamente – 				"Serviços”).
A Moon Active respeita sua privacidade e está comprometida em tornar nossas práticas em 				relação a seus dados mais transparentes e justas. Esta Política de Privacidade descreve como 				coletamos, armazenamos, usamos e compartilhamos seus dados pessoais, e se aplica sempre que você visita nossos 				Sites, instala nosso Aplicativo e joga nossos Jogos, interage conosco ou acessa ou utiliza qualquer um de nossos 				Serviços.
Recomendamos fortemente que você leia esta Política de Privacidade e garanta que você a 					compreenda e concorde com ela plenamente. Se você não concordar com esta Política de 					Privacidade, interrompa e evite usar nossos Serviços. Você tem o direito de parar de usar nossos 					Serviços, de acordo com esta Política de Privacidade, a qualquer momento.
A Moon Active é uma “controladora de dados”. Isso significa que somos responsáveis ​​por 				decidir como mantemos e usamos Dados Pessoais sobre você. De acordo com certas leis de proteção 				de dados, somos obrigados a notificá-lo sobre as informações contidas nesta Política de 				Privacidade. Você não é legalmente obrigado a nos fornecer quaisquer Dados Pessoais, 				mas sem eles não poderemos fornecer a você toda a gama ou a melhor experiência de uso de nossos 				Serviços (por exemplo, você ainda pode jogar nossos jogos sem conectar sua conta do Facebook, mas 				não poderá aproveitar os recursos sociais deles).

Coleta de dados
Usos de dados
Armazenamento e retenção
Exclusão de dados pessoais e encerramento de 						contas
Compartilhamento de dados
Comunicações
Segurança de dados
Cookies e tecnologias de rastreamento
Publicidade
Direitos do titular dos dados - Espaço Econômico Europeu, 						Suíça e Reino Unido
Transferências de dados
Menores de idade
Alterações e versão prevalecente
Contate-nos

 
1. Coleta de dados
 
Coletamos quatro categorias principais de dados (e, na medida em que isso permita a identificação de 				uma pessoa específica ou esteja vinculado a esses dados potencialmente identificativos, iremos 				considerá-los como "Dados Pessoais"):
 


Dados coletados ou gerados automaticamente:Quando alguém visita, interage ou 						usa nossos Serviços, incluindo qualquer e-mail ou mensagem de texto enviada a eles por nós ou 						por meio de nossos Serviços, podemos coletar ou gerar dados técnicos sobre eles. Coletamos ou 						geramos esses dados de forma independente ou com a ajuda de serviços de terceiros, inclusive por meio 						do uso de “cookies” e outras tecnologias de rastreamento (conforme detalhado 						abaixo).Esses dados consistem em conectividade, dados técnicos ou de uso agregado, como 						endereço IP, identificador dentro do jogo, estatísticas do jogo, preferências de jogo, 						ID de publicidade exclusivo (por exemplo, IDFA; você pode redefinir esse ID com base nas 						instruções do sistema operacional), dados não identificativos sobre um dispositivo, 						sistema operacional, versão do navegador ou do Aplicativo, operadora de celular, 						configurações de local e idioma, atividade do usuário em nossos Serviços, no 						Aplicativo ou no Jogo (tais como conteúdo jogado/interação com o produto e dados de 						publicidade); dados de diagnóstico (isto é, dados de travamento e dados de desempenho do 						jogo). Não usamos esses dados para descobrir a verdadeira identidade ou os detalhes de contato de uma 						pessoa, mas principalmente para entender melhor como nossos usuários normalmente usam e se envolvem 						com nossos Serviços. O uso desses dados técnicos e de dispositivos também ajuda a 						nós e nossos parceiros a fornecer anúncios e conteúdo baseados em interesses ou de 						outra forma mais eficazes, otimizar nosso gerenciamento de anúncios e a experiência de 						visualização de nossos usuários), além de melhorar o desempenho geral e sua 						experiência de usuário dos nossos Serviços. Para mais informações sobre 						nossos usos de publicidade, consulte a Seção 8 abaixo.
Dados recebidos de você:Você pode nos fornecer Dados Pessoais 						voluntariamente, como ao configurar uma conta conosco, ao entrar em contato conosco (através do 						Facebook, Messenger, e-mail, chat dentro do jogo ou qualquer outro canal, incluindo quaisquer 						serviços de suporte), ao postar em nossos fóruns ou grupos públicos, ao nos fornecer 						seu endereço de e-mail (como ao se inscrever para receber atualizações ou presentes por 						e-mail), ao participar de competições, concursos, torneios e outras promoções, 						ao realizar compras em qualquer um de nossos Jogos, ao interagir com outros usuários por meio do chat 						dentro do jogo ou ao decidir conectar sua conta do Facebook, Google, Apple ou conta similar a qualquer um de 						nossos Jogos.
Dados recebidos do Facebook e de outros canais:Depois de conectar os jogos à 						sua conta do Facebook, Google, Apple ou similar, receberemos acesso ao seu perfil público, incluindo 						(na medida em que você o definiu como "público"), conforme aplicável, seu nome completo, 						endereço(s) de e-mail fornecido(s) ao Facebook, Google ou Apple, gênero, foto de perfil ou 						similar , localização, fuso horário e uma lista de seus amigos jogando os jogos 						(juntamente com fotos e outras informações de perfil público deles). Isso também 						nos permitirá apresentar as fotos do seu perfil público e dos seus amigos dentro dos Jogos e 						criar sua lista de amigos dentro dos Jogos.  Além disso, nós ou nossos parceiros de 						publicidade poderemos receber do Facebook ou da Apple e de outros canais de marketing 						informações gerais sobre o desempenho de nossas campanhas publicitárias, como a faixa 						etária ou interesses segmentados, e nós ou nossos parceiros poderemos vincular esses dados 						gerais a quaisquer outros dados em nossa posse. Para saber mais sobre nossas práticas de publicidade, 						consulte a Seção 8 abaixo. Se você acessar nossos Serviços através de 						terceiros como o Facebook, Google ou Apple, ou conectar nossos Serviços a qualquer conta de 						terceiros, leia também os termos e condições e as políticas de privacidade 						deles. Se você não tiver certeza sobre quais informações um aplicativo de 						terceiros está compartilhando conosco, visite o site do aplicativo destes terceiros para saber mais 						sobre suas práticas de privacidade.
Dados de transações: Compras dentro do Jogo geralmente são 						processadas pelo fornecedor da respectiva plataforma (por exemplo, Apple, Google ou Facebook) e não 						coletaremos nem armazenaremos seus dados financeiros, por exemplo, seus números de cartão de 						crédito ou conta bancária. No entanto, ainda poderemos receber seus Dados Pessoais não 						financeiros relacionados à compra, como seu nome, endereço de cobrança, endereço 						de e-mail e os itens adquiridos, a fim de efetivar a sua compra e para nossos fins contábeis.


2. Usos de dados
Nossa base legal para coletar e usar seus Dados Pessoais dependerá da finalidade específica para a qual 				seus dados estão sendo processados. No entanto, geralmente usamos o seguinte:
 

Execução de um contrato. Usaremos essa base para o processamento necessário para 					disponibilizar os Jogos para você, incluindo jogos sociais quando você optar por fazer login no 					Facebook, Google ou na Apple, além de serviços de suporte e envio de comunicações de 					serviço, brindes e premiações.
Consentimento. Em casos limitados (em que você escolhe se inscrever para receber e-mails de 					marketing direto e aceita cookies no nosso Sites), processaremos seus Dados Pessoais com base no seu 					consentimento.  Você pode retirar seu consentimento a qualquer momento entrando em contato conosco 					usando as informações fornecidas na Seção
Interesses legítimos. Processaremos seus dados pessoais com base em nossos interesses 					legítimos em manter e melhorar nossos Serviços e ofertas, entender como nossos Serviços 					são usados, exibir anúncios eficazes em nossos Jogos e por outros canais, combinar usuários 					para criar listas de amigos dentro do jogo, melhorar nossas operações de atendimento e suporte ao 					cliente, detecção de fraude e salvaguardar e proteger nossos usuários, nós mesmos e 					nossos Serviços.
Cumprimento de uma obrigação legal. Em casos limitados, podemos processar seus Dados 					Pessoais quando for necessário fazê-lo para cumprir uma obrigação legal, por exemplo 					estabelecida em uma lei vigente ou se recebermos um pedido de um tribunal ou órgão regulador.

Os propósitos para os quais usamos Dados Pessoais são descritos em mais detalhes abaixo:

Facilitar, operar e fornecer nossos Serviços;
Autenticar a identidade de nossos jogadores e permitir que eles acessem recursos adicionais;
Fornecer aos nossos usuários serviços de atendimento ao cliente, assistência e suporte 					técnico;
Para permitir que você interaja com outros jogadores dentro do jogo;
Para desenvolver, personalizar e melhorar os Serviços e sua experiência do usuário, com base 					em preferências, experiências e dificuldades comuns ou pessoais, inclusive personalizando seu perfil 					e lista de amigos;
Gerenciar e entregar anúncios de maneira mais eficaz, incluindo publicidade contextual, comportamental e 					baseada em interesses, com base no progresso e nas atividades dos Jogos, com base em suas preferências ou 					outros dados disponíveis para nós ou nossos Provedores de Serviços, inclusive para fins de 					nova segmentação
Para entrar em contato com nossos usuários (via e-mail, Facebook, notificações push ou 					qualquer outro canal disponível) com mensagens gerais ou personalizadas relacionadas a serviços 					(como confirmações de compra ou avisos de manutenção do sistema); entrar em contato 					com nossos usuários com mensagens promocionais (como atualizações dos Jogos, bônus, 					novos recursos, serviços VIP, ); e facilitar, patrocinar e oferecer determinados eventos e 					promoções;
Apoiar e aprimorar nossas medidas de segurança de dados, inclusive para fins de prevenção e 					mitigação dos riscos de fraude, erro ou qualquer atividade ilegal ou proibida;
Para criar dados estatísticos agregados, dados não pessoais inferidos ou dados anonimizados ou 					pseudonimizados (tornados não pessoais), que nós ou nossos provedores de serviços podemos 					usar para fornecer e melhorar nossos respectivos serviços; e
Para cumprir todas as leis e regulamentos vigentes.

 
3. Armazenamento e retenção
Embora as leis de privacidade possam variar entre jurisdições, a Moon Active tomou medidas 				razoáveis para garantir que seus Dados Pessoais sejam tratados por suas afiliadas e Provedores de 				Serviços de maneira segura e legal e de acordo com as práticas comuns do setor, independentemente de 				quaisquer requisitos legais menos importantes que possam ser aplicados em sua jurisdição.    			
Retemos seus Dados Pessoais para manter nosso relacionamento e fornecer a você os nossos Serviços.
				Reteremos seus Dados Pessoais apenas pelo tempo necessário para cumprir os propósitos para os quais os 				coletamos. Em outras palavras, reteremos seus Dados Pessoais enquanto você permanecer como nosso 				usuário e não nos notificar do contrário.  Tomaremos medidas razoáveis para excluir 				seus Dados Pessoais se você excluir sua conta. Também poderemos reter seus Dados Pessoais para fins 				legais e contábeis (ou seja, conforme exigido pelas leis vigentes de registro e escrituração 				contábil, e para ter provas e evidências a respeito de nosso relacionamento, caso surjam problemas 				legais após a descontinuação do uso), de acordo com nossa Política de 				Retenção de Dados. Se você tiver alguma dúvida sobre nossa Política de 				Retenção de Dados, entre em contato conosco pelo site https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/pt
Observe que, exceto conforme exigido pela lei vigente, não seremos obrigados a reter seus dados por um 				período específico e poderemos excluí-los com segurança por qualquer motivo e a qualquer 				momento, com ou sem aviso prévio. 
Em algumas circunstâncias, poderemos anonimizar seus Dados Pessoais para que não possam mais ser 				associados a você; nesse caso, poderemos usar essas informações sem aviso adicional a você 				e eles não serão mais considerados Dados Pessoais na acepção desta Política de 				Privacidade.
 
4. Exclusão de dados pessoais e encerramento de 					contas
Além de quaisquer outros direitos estabelecidos nesta Política de Privacidade (salvo conforme 				estabelecido no Adendo de Privacidade do Candidato), você poderá, a qualquer momento, instruir à 				Moon Active para que exclua seus Dados Pessoais mediante acesso ao botão "Exclusão de Conta" no Jogo e 				seguindo as instruções.  A seleção desta opção resultará no 				encerramento de sua conta e exclusão de todo o seu histórico de jogo, informações de 				compra, login de mídia social e outras informações associadas a você em conexão 				com o Jogo.  A exclusão é irreversível. Se você mantém Contas com 				vários Jogos, deverá solicitar o encerramento de cada uma.
Assim que recebermos a sua solicitação, ela será atendida prontamente, mas solicitamos que 				você aguarde algum tempo para o processamento.  Também nos reservamos o direito de reter uma 				cópia de quaisquer Dados Pessoais de retenção obrigatória nos termos da lei vigente.
 
 5. Compartilhamento de dados
Poderemos compartilhar seus dados com terceiros, incluindo autoridades policiais, nossos Prestadores de 				Serviços e nossas afiliadas. As circunstâncias em que compartilhamos dados estão resumidas 				abaixo:
 

Conformidade com as leis, ordens e autoridades judiciais: poderemos divulgar ou permitir que 					autoridades governamentais e policiais tenham acesso a determinados Dados Pessoais, em resposta a uma 					intimação, mandado de busca ou ordem judicial (ou requisito semelhante), ou em conformidade com as 					leis e regulamentos vigentes, inclusive para fins de segurança nacional. Essa divulgação ou 					acesso pode ocorrer com ou sem aviso prévio, se acreditarmos de boa-fé que somos legalmente 					obrigados a fazê-lo ou se a divulgação for apropriada em conexão com os 					esforços para investigar, impedir ou tomar medidas em relação a atividade ilegal, fraude ou 					outras irregularidades suspeitas ou efetivamente cometidas.
Prestadores de Serviços: poderemos contratar empresas, empreiteiras e indivíduos 					específicos para realizar serviços complementares aos nossos (por exemplo, serviços de 					hospedagem, serviços de análise de dados, agências de marketing e serviços e 					ferramentas de publicidade, segurança de dados e cibersegurança, serviços de 					detecção e prevenção de fraudes, serviços de processamento de pagamentos, 					parceiros de atendimento ao cliente, moderadores e testadores externos, serviços de envolvimento do 					usuário, serviços de distribuição e monitoramento de e-mails, gravação 					de sessões e nossos consultores comerciais, jurídicos, financeiros e de conformidade) 					(coletivamente, “Prestadores de Serviços”). Esses Prestadores de 					Serviços podem ter acesso aos seus dados pessoais, dependendo de cada uma de suas funções e 					fins específicos para facilitar e complementar nossos Serviços, e podem usá-los apenas para 					processar seus dados pessoais para os fins para os quais os instruímos. Também poderemos 					compartilhar informações anônimas, estatísticas ou agregadas com nossos Prestadores 					de Serviços para fins comerciais legítimos.
Integrações de Terceiros: os Serviços permitem a 					integração com determinados serviços de terceiros, como a conexão da sua conta do 					Facebook, Google ou da Apple a um determinado Jogo, entrar com o Google, Facebook ou iniciar sessão com a 					Apple ou para fazer compras; nesse caso, você estará sujeito aos termos e condições e 					avisos de privacidade de terceiros (por exemplo, Apple, Google ou Facebook), portanto, leia e aceite-os com 					antecedência. Não recebemos nem armazenamos suas senhas para nenhum desses serviços de 					terceiros.
Proteção de direitos e segurança: poderemos compartilhar seus Dados Pessoais com 					outras pessoas, com ou sem aviso prévio, se acreditarmos de boa-fé que isso ajudará a 					proteger os direitos, a propriedade ou a segurança pessoal da Moon Active, qualquer um de nossos 					usuários ou membros do público em geral.
Subsidiárias da Moon Active e empresas afiliadas: poderemos compartilhar Dados Pessoais 					internamente em nossa família de empresas, para os fins descritos nesta Política de Privacidade.
					Além disso, se a Moon Active ou qualquer uma de suas afiliadas sofrer alguma alteração no 					controle, inclusive por meio de fusão, aquisição ou compra substancial de todos os seus 					ativos, seus Dados Pessoais poderão ser compartilhados com as partes envolvidas nesse evento. Se 					acreditarmos que essa alteração no controle possa afetar materialmente seus Dados Pessoais 					armazenados conosco, notificaremos você sobre esse evento e as opções que você pode 					ter por e-mail e/ou aviso destacado em nossos Serviços.

Para não deixar dúvidas, a Moon Active pode compartilhar seus Dados Pessoais de formas adicionais, de 				acordo com a sua aprovação explícita, ou se formos legalmente obrigados a fazê-lo, ou se 				tornarmos esses dados efetivamente impessoais e anônimos. Poderemos transferir, compartilhar ou usar dados 				não pessoais a nosso critério e sem a necessidade de aprovação adicional.
 
6. Comunicações

Comunicações de serviço: poderemos entrar em contato com informações 					importantes sobre nossos Serviços. Por exemplo, poderemos notificá-lo (através de qualquer 					um dos meios disponíveis) a respeito de alterações ou atualizações de nossos 					Serviços, problemas de cobrança, etc. Você não poderá cancelar o recebimento 					dessas comunicações de serviço.
Comunicações promocionais se você se inscreveu para receber essas 					comunicações, também poderemos notificá-lo sobre novos serviços, eventos e 					oportunidades especiais ou qualquer outra informação que acharmos relevante. Podemos fornecer 					essas notificações por qualquer meio de contato disponível (por exemplo, telefone, celular 					ou e-mail), por meio dos Serviços ou por meio de nossas campanhas de marketing em outros sites ou 					plataformas.

Você tem o direito de revogar seu consentimento para receber essas comunicações promocionais a 				qualquer momento. Você pode fazer isso  contatando-nos pelo site https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/pt ou seguindo 				as instruções de "cancelar inscrição", "parar de receber" ou "alterar preferências 				de e-mail" nas comunicações promocionais que você recebe.
 
7. Segurança de dados
Para proteger seus Dados Pessoais mantidos conosco e com nossos Prestadores de Serviços, usamos medidas de 				segurança físicas, procedimentais e eletrônicas apropriadas do setor, incluindo criptografia 				quando considerado apropriado. No entanto, esteja ciente de que, independentemente de quaisquer medidas de 				segurança utilizadas, não poderemos garantir e não garantimos a proteção e 				segurança absolutas de quaisquer Dados Pessoais armazenados conosco ou com terceiros. Se você descobrir 				quaisquer problemas de segurança ou vulnerabilidade relacionados aos Serviços, envie um e-mail para:
				info@moonactive.com.
 
8. Cookies e tecnologias de rastreamento
Nossos Serviços e alguns de nossos Prestadores de Serviços utilizam “cookies”, 				identificadores anônimos e outras tecnologias de rastreamento (coletivamente, “Tecnologias de 					rastreamento”) que nos ajudam a fornecer e melhorar nossos Serviços, personalizar sua 				experiência e monitorar o desempenho de nossas atividades e campanhas, bem como o uso de nossos Aplicativos, 				Jogos e Serviços como um todo. Para saber mais, acesse a nossa  Política de Cookies.
 
9. Publicidade 
Nossos Jogos incluem publicidade de serviços e produtos de terceiros. Nós e nossos parceiros de 				publicidade usamos certos dados sobre você para melhorar nossas práticas de publicidade e tornar os 				anúncios que entregamos mais eficazes, relevantes e agradáveis, incluindo a implantação 				de publicidade com base em interesses, bem como sistemas de segmentação e medição e 				atribuição de anúncios.
Esses dados incluem os identificadores de publicidade do seu dispositivo (por exemplo, IDFA ou ID da publicidade), na 				medida do possível, dados relacionados ao seu perfil do Facebook, Google ou Apple conectado (se houver, como 				sexo, região ou país), conteúdo jogado, ID de usuário dentro do jogo, dados de 				interação com o produto e outras informações demográficas e baseadas em 				interesses que nós ou nossos parceiros de publicidade possamos ter recebido de ou sobre você, com base 				no seu consentimento ou outra base legal (ou seja, conforme necessário para fornecer a você nossos 				respectivos serviços ou com base nos interesses legítimos que descrevemos acima).
Os anúncios que nós ou nossos parceiros de publicidade entregamos podem ser exibidos em nossos Jogos, 				nossos Serviços ou através de outros canais, como sites e aplicativos de terceiros.
Esta Política de Privacidade não se aplica às práticas de empresas das quais não 				somos titulares ou controladores ou funcionários ou Prestadores de Serviços que não 				gerenciamos. Quaisquer informações que você forneça a sites, aplicativos ou 				serviços anunciados por meio de nossos Serviços serão cobertas pelas respectivas 				políticas de privacidade aplicáveis neles especificados. Certifique-se de ler as políticas de 				privacidade de quaisquer aplicativos, serviços e sites de terceiros que você visitar ou fornecer 				permissão para acessar suas informações. É responsabilidade desses terceiros proteger 				todas as informações que você lhes fornecer; portanto,  não nos responsabilizemos 				pelo uso das suas informações de identificação pessoal. Para saber mais, acesse a 				nossa Política de Cookies.

Como ajustar suas preferências em relação à publicidade com base em 						interessesSe você deseja impedir o uso do ID de publicidade do seu dispositivo ou de outros 					identificadores para publicidade com base em interesses, altere as configurações do dispositivo 					para redefinir esse ID de publicidade ou desativar essa publicidade (normalmente, isso está 					disponível na seção "Privacidade" ou "Anúncios" nas configurações do 					seu dispositivo). Se você mora nos EUA, Canadá ou Europa, também pode desativar a coleta de 					seus dados pelos nossos parceiros de publicidade que participam da Digital Advertising Alliance, visitando 					www.aboutads.info/choices (para usuários dos EUA), www.youradchoices.ca/choices (para usuários 					canadenses), www.youronlinechoices.eu (para 					usuários europeus).lObserve que, se você redefinir seu ID de publicidade ou desativar a 					publicidade com base em interesses, ainda poderá ver anúncios em nossos Jogos ou em qualquer outro 					canal, mas esses anúncios não serão segmentados com base nos identificadores mencionados 					acima. Por exemplo, esses anúncios podem se basear no contexto, como seu progresso e ações 					nos Jogos ou suas preferências de idioma. Observe que essas ações podem resultar em uma 					experiência do usuário menos agradável.
Informações agregadas e analíticasUsamos as ferramentas de análise 					padrão do Google Analytics e podemos usar ferramentas de análise adicionais ou outras 					periodicamente. As práticas de privacidade dessas ferramentas estão sujeitas às suas 					próprias políticas de privacidade. Para saber mais, acesse a nossa Política de 					Cookies.
Produtos do GoogleO Google usa tecnologias como cookies para rastrear e analisar o uso do nosso 					Site e/ou um SDK para veicular anúncios em nossos Jogos. Para saber mais sobre como o Google processa 					dados, recomendamos que você analise as políticas do Google localizadas em:
					https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites. Para informações adicionais, consulte a 					ferramenta web de desativação do Google Analytics disponível em:
					https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. Para obter informações adicionais sobre os dados que o 					Google SDK processa e armazena, consulte: https://support.google.com/admob/answer/7665968

 
10. Direitos do titular dos dados - Espaço Econômico Europeu, 					Suíça e Reino Unido 
Se você for residente do Espaço Econômico Europeu (EEE), Suíça ou UK (Reino Unido) a 				respeito de quem processamos Dados Pessoais, você tem o direito de:

Solicitar acesso os seus Dados Pessoais (comumente conhecido como “pedido de acesso do 					titular dos dados”). Isso lhe permite receber uma cópia dos Dados Pessoais que mantemos sobre 					você e verificar se estamos processando-os em conformidade com a lei.
Solicitar correção de dados pessoais que mantemos sobre você. Isso lhe 					permite corrigir quaisquer informações incompletas ou imprecisas que mantemos sobre você.
				
Solicitar eliminação dos seus dados pessoais. Isso lhe permite pedir-nos para 					excluir ou remover Dados Pessoais quando não houver um bom motivo para continuarmos a 					processá-los. Você também tem o direito de nos pedir para excluir ou remover seus Dados 					Pessoais sempre que você tenha exercido seu direito de se opor ao processamento (veja abaixo).
Opor-se ao processamento de seus Dados Pessoais quando confiamos em um 					interesse legítimo (ou de terceiros) e houver algo sobre sua situação específica que 					o faz querer se opor ao processamento por esse motivo. Você também tem o direito de se opor quando 					estivermos processando seus Dados Pessoais para fins de marketing direto.
Solicitar a restrição do processamento de seus Dados Pessoais. Isso permite que 					você nos solicite a suspensão do processamento de Dados Pessoais sobre você, por exemplo, se 					você desejar que estabeleçamos a precisão ou o motivo do processamento dos dados.
Solicitar a transferência de seus Dados Pessoais para outra parte.
Nenhuma taxa geralmente necessária.Você não terá que pagar uma 					taxa para acessar seus Dados Pessoais (ou para exercer qualquer um dos outros direitos). No entanto, poderemos 					cobrar uma taxa razoável se a sua solicitação de acesso for claramente infundada ou 					excessiva. Alternativamente, podemos nos recusar a atender ao pedido em tais circunstâncias.
O que podemos precisar de você.Podemos precisar solicitar informações 					específicas suas para nos ajudar a confirmar sua identidade e garantir o seu direito de acessar as 					informações (ou exercer qualquer um de seus outros direitos). Esta é outra medida de 					segurança apropriada para garantir que os Dados Pessoais não sejam divulgados a qualquer pessoa 					que não tenha o direito de recebê-los.
Direito de retirar o consentimento.Nas circunstâncias limitadas em que você 					pode ter dado seu consentimento para a coleta, processamento e transferência de seus Dados Pessoais para 					uma finalidade específica, você tem o direito de retirar seu consentimento para esse processamento 					específico quando você quiser. Para retirar seu consentimento, envie um e-mail para 					info@moonactive.com. Assim que recebermos a notificação de que você retirou seu 					consentimento, cessaremos o processamento de suas informações para a finalidade ou finalidades com 					as quais você concordou originalmente, a menos que tenhamos outra base legítima para fazê-lo 					de acordo com a lei.

Se você deseja exercer seus direitos de acordo com a lei vigente (por exemplo., o Regulamento  Geral de 				Proteção de Dados (GDPR) ou o  (GDPR) do Reino Unido), clique aqui para entrar em contato conosco.
Se você reside no Espaço Econômico Europeu (EEE) ou no Reino Unido, também pode entrar em 				contato com o nosso representante do EEE ou representante do Reino Unido pelo e-mail: dpr@moonactive.com.
Se você deseja gerenciar as informações que recebemos sobre você de um aplicativo ou 				plataforma de terceiros em que você joga nossos Jogos, como Facebook, Apple ou Google, siga as 				instruções do aplicativo desses terceiros para atualizar suas informações e alterar suas 				configurações de privacidade.
Você tem o direito de registrar reclamações junto a uma autoridade de fiscalização 				de proteção de dados. Residentes no EEE podem encontrar informações sobre a sua 				autoridade de fiscalização nacional neste link: https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en.
				Residentes no Reino Unido podem entrar em contato com o Gabinete do Comissário de Informações 				através deste link: https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/.
 
11. Transferências de dados
Seus Dados Pessoais podem ser mantidos, processados, acessados ​​e armazenados pela Moon Active e por nossas 				afiliadas e Prestadores de Serviços autorizados nos Estados Unidos e outras jurisdições, 				conforme necessário para o fornecimento adequado de nossos Serviços, ou conforme exigido por lei. A 				sede da Moon Active está localizada em uma jurisdição considerada pelas autoridades do Reino 				Unido, Suíça e da Comissão Europeia como possuidora de nível adequado de 				proteção para os Dados Pessoais de residentes do EEE e do Reino Unido.
Podemos transferir Dados Pessoais que coletamos sobre você para fora do EEE, da Suíça ou do Reino 				Unido em cumprimento de nosso contrato com você. Para garantir que seus Dados Pessoais sejam adequadamente 				protegidos, implementamos as seguintes medidas para garantir que seus Dados Pessoais sejam tratados por esses 				terceiros de maneira consistente e em conformidade com as leis da UE e do Reino Unido sobre proteção 				de dados: Cláusulas Contratuais Padrão e países que são objeto de uma 				determinação de adequação da UE. Se você precisar de mais 				informações sobre as medidas de proteção, entre em contato conosco usando os dados na 				Seção 13.
 
12. Menores de idade
Os seguintes jogos estão disponíveis para indivíduos com 16 (dezesseis) anos de idade ou 				mais: ”My Café: Recipes and stories”, “Toy Defense”, “Toy Defense 				2”, “Toy Defense: Fantasy”, “Fish Now.io”, “Kitchen Stars”, “Family 				Island”, “My Pizza Restaurant”, “Zen Match”, “Travel Town”.
Todos os outros Jogos e Serviços estão disponíveis apenas para indivíduos com mais de 18 				(dezoito) anos de idade ou a maioridade legal em sua jurisdição.
Reservamo-nos o direito de solicitar um comprovante de idade ou consentimento dos pais em qualquer estágio.
				Podemos bloquear usuários que suspeitamos serem menores de idade.  Não coletamos intencionalmente 				Dados Pessoais de menores e não desejamos fazê-lo. Se descobrirmos que um menor está usando os 				Serviços ou jogando algum dos nossos Jogos, podemos proibir e bloquear este uso e faremos todos os 				esforços para excluir imediatamente quaisquer Dados Pessoais armazenados conosco em relação a 				esse menor de idade.
Se você acredita que podemos ter esses dados, entre em contato conosco em https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/pt.
 
13. Alterações e versão 					prevalecente
Poderemos alterar esta Política de Privacidade periodicamente, publicando uma versão alterada em nossos 				Serviços. A versão alterada entrará em vigor na data da efetiva publicação.
				 Forneceremos um aviso prévio se houver alterações substanciais, por qualquer meio de 				comunicação disponível a nós ou em nossos Serviços.  Após esse 				período de aviso, todas as alterações serão consideradas aceitas por você. Se 				você não concorda em estar vinculado aos termos da Política de Privacidade nova ou modificada, 				solicitamos que você pare de usar os Serviços.
A Política de Privacidade foi redigida no idioma inglês, que é a versão original e 				prevalecente desta Política de Privacidade. Todas as traduções desta Política de 				privacidade para outros idiomas devem ter por finalidade apenas a conveniência e não devem controlar o 				significado ou a aplicação desta Política de Privacidade. No caso de qualquer 				discrepância entre os significados de quaisquer versões traduzidas da Política de Privacidade e 				a versão em inglês, o significado da versão em inglês deverá prevalecer.
 
14. Contate-nos
Se você tiver quaisquer comentários ou perguntas sobre esta Política de Privacidade ou alguma 				dúvida sobre sua Privacidade, ou se quiser entrar em contato com o Gerente de Proteção de Dados 				da Moon Active, clique aqui.
Se você reside na UE ou no Reino Unido, também pode entrar em contato com nosso representante na UE ou 				no Reino Unido pelo e-mail dpr@moonactive.com.
 
 
ANEXO A
Adendo de Privacidade do Candidato
A Moon Active está empenhada em proteger a privacidade e a segurança dos Dados Pessoais do candidato.
				Este Adendo de Privacidade do Candidato descreve como coletamos e usamos Dados Pessoais sobre você antes de 				sua relação de trabalho conosco, em conformidade com a legislação de 				proteção de dados vigente. Este adendo aplica-se a todos os candidatos a cargos como 				funcionários, trabalhadores ou contratados.
Este Adendo de Privacidade do Candidato aplica-se a indivíduos que se candidatem a cargos de 				funcionários e contratados na Moon Active. Este Adendo de Privacidade do Candidato não faz parte de 				nenhum contrato de trabalho ou outro contrato de prestação de serviços. Podemos atualizar este 				aviso a qualquer momento.
É importante que você leia este Adendo de Privacidade do Candidato juntamente com a nossa 				Política de Privacidade e qualquer outro aviso de privacidade que possamos fornecer a você em 				ocasiões específicas quando estivermos coletando ou processando Dados Pessoais sobre você, para 				que você esteja ciente de como e por que estamos usando tais informações e quais são seus 				direitos sob a legislação de proteção de dados vigente.
 
A. Princípios de Proteção de Dados:
Cumpriremos a lei de proteção de dados, que exige que os Dados Pessoais que mantemos sobre você 				sejam:

Usados de forma lícita, justa e transparente;
Recolhidos apenas para fins válidos que já lhe explicamos claramente, e não utilizados de 					forma incompatível com esses fins;
Relevantes para os propósitos sobre os quais lhe falamos e limitados unicamente a esses 					propósitos;
Precisos e atualizados;
Mantidos apenas pelo tempo necessário para os propósitos de que lhe falamos; e
Guardados com segurança.

 
B. Tipo de informação que mantemos sobre você:
Dados pessoais, ou Dados Pessoais, significa qualquer informação sobre um indivíduo a partir da 				qual essa pessoa possa ser identificada. Não incluem dados dos quais a identidade foi removida (dados 				anônimos). Existem “categorias especiais” de dados pessoais mais sensíveis que requerem um 				nível mais alto de proteção, tais como informações sobre a saúde ou 				orientação sexual de uma pessoa.
Podemos coletar, armazenar e usar as seguintes categorias de Dados Pessoais sobre você:

Detalhes de contato pessoal, como nome, cargo, endereços, números de telefone e endereços 					de e-mail pessoais.
Data de nascimento.
Gênero.
Informações sobre parentes mais próximos e de contato para emergência.
Localização do emprego ou do local de trabalho.
Informações de recrutamento (incluindo cópias da documentação de direito ao 					trabalho, referências e outras informações incluídas em um CV ou carta de 					apresentação ou como parte do processo de inscrição).
Registros de emprego (incluindo cargos, histórico de trabalho, horas de trabalho, feriados, registros de 					treinamento e associações profissionais).
Histórico de salários.
Informações de desempenho.
Informações disciplinares e reclamações.
Filmagens de CFTV e outras informações obtidas por meios eletrônicos, como registros de 					cartão magnético durante o processo de entrevista, se aplicável.
Fotografias
No Reino Unido, resultados da verificação do status de emprego da HMRC, detalhes de seu interesse 					e conexão com o intermediário através do qual seus serviços são prestados.
				

C. Como suas informações pessoais são coletadas?  
Coletamos Dados Pessoais sobre os candidatos através do processo de inscrição e recrutamento, 				diretamente dos candidatos ou, por vezes, de uma agência de emprego. Às vezes, podemos coletar 				informações adicionais de terceiros, incluindo de empregadores anteriores.
D. Como usaremos as informações sobre você:
Só usaremos seus Dados Pessoais quando a lei nos permitir e quando tivermos fundamento legal para 				fazê-lo.  Mais comumente, contaremos com os seguintes fundamentos legais para processar seus Dados 				Pessoais:

Onde tivermos o seu consentimento para fazê-lo ("Consentimento”).
Sempre que precisarmos cumprir o contrato que celebramos com você ou tomar medidas para celebrar um 					contrato com você (“Contrato”).
Quando precisarmos cumprir uma obrigação judicial (“Obrigação 						judicial”).
Quando for necessário para nossos interesses legítimos (ou interesses de terceiros) e seus 					interesses e direitos fundamentais não se sobreponham a esses interesses (“Interesses 						Legítimos”).

 Se você não fornecer determinadas informações quando solicitadas, 				talvez não possamos avaliar sua elegibilidade ou adequação para algum cargo em aberto, ou 				podemos ser impedidos de cumprir nossas obrigações legais.
Usaremos seus Dados Pessoais apenas para os fins para os quais os coletamos, a menos que consideremos razoavelmente 				que precisamos usá-los por outro motivo e esse motivo seja compatível com o objetivo original. Se 				precisarmos usar seus Dados Pessoais para uma finalidade não relacionada, notificaremos você e 				explicaremos a base legal que nos permite fazê-lo.
Observe que podemos processar seus Dados Pessoais sem o seu conhecimento ou consentimento, em conformidade com as 				regras acima, quando isso for exigido ou permitido por lei.
É importante que os Dados Pessoais que mantemos sobre você sejam precisos e atuais. Solicitamos que nos 				informe sobre quaisquer alterações de seus Dados Pessoais durante a sua candidatura.
E. Compartilhamento de dados:
Poderemos ter que compartilhar seus dados com terceiros, incluindo provedores de serviços terceirizados e com 				outras entidades na Moon Active.
Exigimos de terceiros que respeitem a segurança de seus dados e os tratem em conformidade com a lei.
Talvez tenhamos que transferir seus Dados Pessoais para fora da UE e, se o fizermos, garantiremos que seus Dados 				Pessoais sejam adequadamente protegidos. Consulte a seção 10 de nossa Política de Privacidade 				para obter mais informações. 

Por que vocês poderiam compartilhar meus Dados Pessoais com terceiros?Compartilharemos seus 					Dados Pessoais com terceiros quando exigido por lei, quando for necessário para 					administração da relação de trabalho com você, ou quando tivermos outro 					interesse legítimo em fazê-lo.
Quais prestadores de serviços terceirizados processam meus Dados Pessoais?O termo 					“Terceiros” inclui Prestadores de Serviços terceirizados (incluindo contratados e agentes 					designados). Os seguintes Prestadores de Serviços processam Dados Pessoais sobre você para os 					seguintes propósitos:
					
Recrutamento — Comeet


Qual a garantia de segurança das minhas informações com prestadores de serviços 						e outras entidades do nosso grupo?Exigimos de todos os nossos Prestadores que tomem medidas de 					segurança apropriadas para proteger os Dados Pessoais do candidato em conformidade com as nossas 					políticas. Não permitimos que nossos prestadores de serviços usem os dados pessoais do 					candidato para seus próprios fins. Permitimos que eles processem seus dados pessoais apenas para fins 					específicos e em conformidade com as nossas instruções.
E quanto a outros terceiros?Podemos precisar compartilhar seus Dados Pessoais com um regulador ou 					para cumprir a lei.

 
F. Direitos de acesso, correção, apagamento e restrição  
Se você for residente do Espaço Econômico Europeu (EEE) ou do Reino Unido, sob certas 				circunstâncias, você tem direito aos direitos do titular de dados descritos na Seção 9 de 				nossa Política de Privacidade. Se você quiser revisar, verificar, corrigir ou solicitar o apagamento de 				seus Dados Pessoais, se opor ao processamento de seus dados pessoais ou solicitar que façamos a 				transferência de uma cópia de seus Dados Pessoais para outra parte, consulte a Seção 9 				desta Política de Privacidade.
G. Retenção de dados
Reteremos seus Dados Pessoais apenas pelo tempo necessário para cumprir as finalidades para as quais foram 				coletados, inclusive para atender a quaisquer requisitos legais, contábeis ou de relatórios em 				conformidade com as leis e regulamentos aplicáveis. Para determinar o período de 				retenção apropriado para dados pessoais, consideramos a quantidade, natureza e sensibilidade dos dados 				pessoais, o possível risco de danos causado por uso ou divulgação não autorizado de seus 				dados pessoais, os fins para os quais processamos seus dados pessoais, se podemos atingir esses fins por outros 				meios, e os requisitos legais aplicáveis. Assim que não precisarmos mais dos dados dos candidatos, 				reteremos e destruiremos seus Dados Pessoais com segurança em conformidade com as leis e regulamentos 				aplicáveis.
H. Contate-nos
Você pode entrar em contato conosco com quaisquer dúvidas ou preocupações usando os 				detalhes na Seção 14 de nossa Política de Privacidade.




Moon Active – Kebijakan privasi
Revisi Terakhir: Juni 2023
Moon Active Ltd. (“Moon Active” atau “kami”) mengembangkan, 				mempublikasikan, dan mengoperasikan game sosial untuk web dan ponsel (“Game”), serta 				aplikasi web dan seluler (masing-masing, “Aplikasi”) untuk memainkan Game kami di 				berbagai perangkat dan platform (misalnya perangkat seluler dan Facebook).
Kami juga mengoperasikan situs web www.moonactive.com, 				www.melsoft-games.com, subdomain-nya serta fitur terkait (“Situs”, beserta Game dan 				Aplikasi, secara bersama-sama disebut – “Layanan”).
Moon Active menghormati privasi Anda dan berkomitmen untuk membuat praktik kami terkait data Anda lebih transparan 				dan adil. Kebijakan Privasi ini menjelaskan cara kami dalam mengumpulkan, menyimpan, menggunakan, serta membagikan 				data pribadi Anda, dan ini berlaku setiap kali Anda mengunjungi Situs kami, menginstal Aplikasi kami, dan memainkan 				Game kami, berinteraksi dengan kami atau mengakses maupun menggunakan Layanan kami.
Kami sangat menyarankan Anda untuk membaca Kebijakan Privasi ini dan memastikan bahwa Anda sepenuhnya memahami dan 				menyetujuinya. Jika Anda tidak menyetujui Kebijakan Privasi ini, harap hentikan dan hindari penggunaan Layanan kami.
				Anda berhak untuk berhenti menggunakan Layanan kami, sesuai dengan Kebijakan Privasi ini kapan saja.
Moon Active adalah "pengontrol data". Ini berarti bahwa kami bertanggung jawab untuk memutuskan bagaimana kami 				menyimpan dan menggunakan Data Pribadi tentang Anda. Kami diharuskan berdasarkan undang-undang perlindungan data 				tertentu untuk memberi tahu Anda tentang informasi yang terkandung dalam Kebijakan Privasi ini. Anda tidak 				diwajibkan secara hukum untuk memberikan Data Pribadi apa pun kepada kami, tetapi tanpanya kami tidak akan dapat 				memberikan Anda seluruh jangkauan atau pengalaman terbaik dalam menggunakan Layanan kami (misalnya, Anda masih dapat 				memainkan Game kami tanpa menghubungkan akun Facebook, tetapi Anda tidak akan dapat menikmati fitur sosial mereka).
			

Pengumpulan Data
Penggunaan Data
Penyimpanan dan Retensi
Penghapusan Data Pribadi dan Penutupan Akun
Berbagi Data
Komunikasi
Keamanan Data
Cookie dan Teknologi Pelacakan
Periklanan
Hak Subjek Data – Wilayah Ekonomi Eropa, Swiss, dan Britania Raya
Transfer Data
Anak di bawah umur
Amandemen dan Versi Pengendali
Hubungi Kami

1. Pengumpulan Data
Kami mengumpulkan empat kategori utama data (dan sejauh dapat memungkinkan untuk mengidentifikasi seseorang, atau 				tertaut dengan data yang berpotensi membuka identitas, kami akan menganggapnya sebagai “Data 					Pribadi”):

Data dikumpulkan atau dibuat secara otomatis:Ketika seseorang mengunjungi, berinteraksi 					dengan, atau menggunakan Layanan kami, termasuk email atau pesan teks apa pun yang dikirim kepada mereka oleh 					kami atau melalui Layanan kami, kami dapat mengumpulkan atau menghasilkan data teknis tentang mereka. Kami 					mengumpulkan atau menghasilkan data tersebut baik secara mandiri atau dengan bantuan layanan pihak ketiga, 					termasuk melalui penggunaan "cookie" dan teknologi pelacakan lainnya (sebagaimana dijelaskan lebih lanjut di 					bawah).Data tersebut terdiri dari konektivitas, data penggunaan teknis atau gabungan, seperti alamat IP, 					pengidentifikasi dalam game, statistik game, preferensi game, ID iklan unik (misalnya IDFA; Anda dapat mengatur 					ulang ID tersebut berdasarkan instruksi sistem operasi), non- mengidentifikasi data mengenai perangkat, sistem 					operasi, browser atau versi Aplikasi, operator seluler, pengaturan lokal dan bahasa, aktivitas pengguna di 					Layanan kami, aktivitas dalam Aplikasi atau Game (seperti konten permainan/interaksi produk dan data iklan); 					data diagnostik (yaitu data kerusakan dan data kinerja game). Kami tidak menggunakan data tersebut untuk 					mempelajari identitas asli atau detail kontak seseorang, tetapi sebagian besar untuk memiliki pemahaman yang 					lebih baik tentang bagaimana pengguna kami biasanya menggunakan dan terlibat dengan Layanan kami. Penggunaan 					data teknis dan perangkat tersebut juga membantu kami dan mitra kami untuk memberikan iklan dan konten berbasis 					minat atau yang lebih efektif, untuk mengoptimalkan manajemen iklan kami dan pengalaman menonton pengguna kami), 					dan untuk meningkatkan kinerja keseluruhan dan pengalaman pengguna Anda. dari Layanan kami. Untuk informasi 					lebih lanjut tentang penggunaan iklan kami, silakan lihat Bagian 8 di bawah ini.
Data yang diterima dari Anda:Anda dapat memberikan Data Pribadi Anda kepada kami secara 					sukarela, misalnya saat Anda membuat akun, menghubungi kami (melalui Facebook, Messenger, email, obrolan dalam 					game atau saluran lain, termasuk layanan bantuan apa pun), saat memposting di forum atau grup publik kami, saat 					Anda berpartisipasi dalam kompetisi, kontes, turnamen, dan promosi lainnya, saat Anda melakukan pembelian di 					salah satu Game kami, saat Anda berinteraksi dengan pengguna lain melalui obrolan dalam game, atau saat Anda 					memilih untuk menautkan akun Facebook, Google, Apple, atau yang serupa ke salah satu Game kami.
Data yang diterima dari Facebook dan saluran lain:  Setelah menautkan Game ke akun 					Facebook, Google, Apple atau akun yang serupa, kami dapat mengakses profil publik Anda, termasuk (sejauh Anda 					mendefinisikannya sebagai "publik"), bila sesuai, nama lengkap Anda, (alamat email yang diberikan ke Facebook 					atau Google atau Apple), jenis kelamin, foto, lokasi, zona waktu, dan daftar teman Anda yang memainkan Game ini.
					Ini juga memungkinkan kami untuk menampilkan gambar profil publik Anda dan teman Anda di dalam Game dan untuk 					membuat daftar teman Anda dalam game. Selain itu, kami atau mitra iklan kami dapat menerima dari Facebook dan 					saluran pemasaran kami yang lainnya, informasi umum tentang performa kampanye iklan kami, seperti kelompok usia 					atau minat yang ditargetkan, dan kami atau mitra kami dapat menautkan data umum tersebut ke data lain yang kami 					miliki (untuk mengetahui selengkapnya tentang praktik periklanan kami, silakan baca Bagian 8 di bawah ini). Jika 					Anda mengakses Layanan kami melalui pihak ketiga seperti Facebook, Google, atau Apple atau menautkan Layanan 					kami ke akun pihak ketiga mana pun, Anda juga harus membaca syarat dan ketentuan serta kebijakan privasi mereka.
					Jika Anda kurang yakin dengan informasi apa saja yang dibagikan oleh aplikasi pihak ketiga kepada kami, silakan 					kunjungi situs web aplikasi pihak ketiga tersebut untuk mengetahui selengkapnya terkait praktik privasi mereka.
				
Data Transaksi:  Pembelian dalam Game biasanya akan diproses oleh penyedia platform 					yang relevan (mis. Apple, Google atau Facebook), dan kami tidak akan mengumpulkan atau menyimpan data keuangan 					Anda, mis. nomor kartu kredit atau rekening bank Anda. Akan tetapi, kami masih dapat menerima Data Pribadi 					non-keuangan Anda yang terkait dengan pembelian, seperti nama Anda, alamat penagihan, alamat email dan item yang 					dibeli guna memenuhi pembelian Anda dan untuk tujuan akuntansi kami.

2. Penggunaan Data
Dasar hukum kami untuk mengumpulkan dan menggunakan Data Pribadi Anda tergantung pada tujuan khusus pemrosesan data 				Anda, akan tetapi pada umumnya kami menggunakan hal berikut:

"Penyelesaian kontrak" – Kami akan menggunakan dasar ini untuk pemrosesan yang diperlukan untuk 					membuat Game, termasuk social gaming saat Anda memilih untuk masuk dengan Facebook, Google, atau Apple, dan 					layanan bantuan, tersedia untuk Anda, serta untuk mengirimi Anda informasi layanan, hadiah, dan penghargaan.
				
“Persetujuan” – Dalam kasus yang terbatas, di mana Anda memilih untuk mendaftar untuk 					menerima email pemasaran langsung, dan Anda menerima cookie pada Situs kami, kami akan memproses Data Pribadi 					Anda sesuai persetujuan yang Anda berikan.  Anda dapat menarik persetujuan kapan saja dengan menghubungi 					kami menggunakan detail yang diberikan pada Bagian 13.
"Kepentingan yang sah" – Kami akan memproses Data Pribadi Anda berdasarkan kepentingan kami yang 					sah dalam menjaga dan meningkatkan Layanan serta penawaran kami, memahami bagaimana Layanan kami digunakan, 					menayangkan iklan yang efektif di dalam Game kami dan melalui saluran lain, mencocokkan pengguna untuk membuat 					daftar pertemanan dalam game, meningkatkan layanan pelanggan kami dan mendukung pengoperasian, deteksi penipuan 					serta melindungi dan mengamankan pengguna, diri kami sendiri dan Layanan kami.
"Kepatuhan dengan kewajiban hukum" - Dalam kasus terbatas, kami dapat memproses Data Pribadi Anda jika 					harus kami lakukan untuk memenuhi kewajiban hukum, mis. yang diatur dalam undang-undang yang berlaku, atau jika 					kami menerima perintah dari pengadilan atau badan pengawas.

Tujuan penggunaan Data Pribadi kami dijelaskan secara lebih detail di bawah ini:

Untuk memfasilitasi, mengoperasikan, dan menyediakan Layanan kami;
Untuk mengotentikasi identitas pemain kami, dan mengizinkan mereka mengakses fitur tambahan;
Untuk menyediakan layanan pelanggan, bantuan, dan dukungan teknis kepada pengguna kami;
Untuk memungkinkan Anda berinteraksi dengan pemain lain dalam game;
Untuk lebih mengembangkan, menyesuaikan, dan meningkatkan Layanan dan pengalaman pengguna Anda, berdasarkan 					preferensi, pengalaman, dan kesulitan umum atau pribadi, termasuk dengan mempersonalisasi profil dan daftar 					teman Anda;
Untuk mengelola dan menayangkan iklan secara lebih efektif, termasuk iklan kontekstual, perilaku, dan minat 					berdasarkan kemajuan dan aktivitas dalam Game, berdasarkan preferensi Anda atau data lain yang tersedia bagi 					kami atau Penyedia Layanan kami, termasuk untuk tujuan penargetan ulang;
Untuk menghubungi pengguna kami (melalui email, Facebook, pemberitahuan push, atau saluran lain yang tersedia) 					dengan pesan terkait layanan umum atau yang dipersonalisasi (seperti konfirmasi pembelian atau pemberitahuan 					pemeliharaan sistem); untuk menghubungi pengguna kami dengan pesan promosi (seperti pembaruan Game, bonus, fitur 					baru, layanan VIP, dll.); dan untuk memfasilitasi, mensponsori, dan menawarkan acara dan promosi tertentu;
Untuk mendukung dan meningkatkan langkah-langkah keamanan data kami, termasuk untuk tujuan mencegah dan 					mengurangi risiko penipuan, kesalahan, atau aktivitas ilegal atau dilarang;
Untuk membuat data statistik agregat, data non-pribadi yang disimpulkan atau data anonim atau pseudonim 					(diberikan nonpribadi), yang dapat kami atau Penyedia Layanan kami gunakan untuk menyediakan dan meningkatkan 					layanan kami masing-masing; dan
Untuk mematuhi setiap hukum dan peraturan yang berlaku.

3. Penyimpanan dan Retensi
Meskipun undang-undang privasi dapat bervariasi antar yurisdiksi, Moon Active telah mengambil langkah-langkah yang 				wajar untuk memastikan bahwa Data Pribadi Anda diperlakukan oleh afiliasinya dan Penyedia Layanan dengan cara yang 				aman dan sah, dan sesuai dengan praktik industri umum, terlepas dari persyaratan hukum yang lebih rendah yang 				mungkin berlaku di yurisdiksi mereka.
Kami menyimpan Data Pribadi Anda untuk menjaga hubungan kami dan untuk menyediakan Layanan kami kepada Anda. Kami 				akan menyimpan Data Pribadi Anda hanya selama diperlukan untuk memenuhi tujuan pengumpulannya. Dengan kata lain, 				kami akan menyimpan Data Pribadi Anda selama Anda tetap menjadi pengguna kami dan belum memberi tahu kami 				sebaliknya. Kami akan mengambil tindakan yang wajar untuk menghapus Data Pribadi Anda jika Anda menghapus akun Anda.
				Kami juga dapat menyimpan Data Pribadi Anda untuk tujuan hukum dan akuntansi (yaitu, sebagaimana disyaratkan oleh 				undang-undang yang berlaku untuk pencatatan dan pembukuan, dan untuk mendapatkan bukti dan bukti mengenai hubungan 				kami, jika ada masalah hukum yang muncul setelah penghentian penggunaan Anda), di sesuai dengan Kebijakan 				Penyimpanan Data kami. Jika Anda memiliki pertanyaan tentang Kebijakan Retensi Data kami, silakan hubungi kami di 				https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/id.
			Harap dicatat bahwa kecuali sebagaimana diwajibkan oleh hukum yang berlaku, kami tidak berkewajiban untuk menyimpan 				data Anda untuk jangka waktu tertentu, dan bebas untuk menghapusnya dengan aman untuk alasan apa pun dan kapan pun, 				dengan atau tanpa pemberitahuan kepada Anda.
Dalam beberapa keadaan, kami dapat menganonimkan Data Pribadi Anda sehingga tidak dapat lagi dikaitkan dengan Anda, 				dalam hal ini kami dapat menggunakan informasi tersebut tanpa pemberitahuan lebih lanjut kepada Anda dan tidak lagi 				dianggap sebagai Data Pribadi dalam pengertian Kebijakan Privasi ini.
4. Penghapusan Data Pribadi dan Penutupan 					Akun
Selain hak-hak lain yang diatur dalam Kebijakan Privasi ini (kecuali sebagaimana diatur dalam Adendum Privasi 				Kandidat), Anda setiap saat dapat memerintahkan Moon Active untuk menghapus Data Pribadi Anda dengan mengakses 				tombol “Penghapusan Akun” di Game yang berlaku dan mengikuti instruksi. Pemilihan opsi ini akan 				mengakibatkan penutupan Akun Anda dan penghapusan semua riwayat bermain Anda, informasi pembelian, login media 				sosial, dan informasi lain yang terkait dengan Anda sehubungan dengan Game. Penghapusan tidak dapat diubah. Jika 				Anda mengelola Akun dengan beberapa Game, Anda harus meminta penutupan masing-masing.
Setelah menerima permintaan Anda, kami akan segera mematuhinya, tetapi mohon tunggu beberapa saat untuk diproses.
				Kami juga berhak untuk menyimpan salinan Data Pribadi apa pun yang diwajibkan oleh hukum yang berlaku untuk kami 				simpan.
5. Berbagi Data
Kami dapat membagikan data Anda dengan pihak ketiga tertentu, termasuk lembaga penegak hukum, penyedia layanan kami 				serta afiliasi kami.  Ketentuan utama di mana kami membagikan data dirangkum di bawah ini:
a Kepatuhan terhadap Undang-Undang, Aturan Hukum, dan 					Otoritas:  Kami dapat mengungkapkan atau mengizinkan pejabat pemerintah dan 				penegak hukum untuk mengakses Data Pribadi tertentu, sebagai tanggapan terhadap panggilan pengadilan, surat perintah 				penggeledahan atau perintah pengadilan (atau ketentuan serupa), atau sesuai dengan peraturan perundang-undangan yang 				berlaku, termasuk untuk tujuan keamanan nasional. Pengungkapan atau akses tersebut dapat terjadi dengan atau tanpa 				pemberitahuan kepada Anda, jika kami memiliki keyakinan dengan iktikad baik bahwa kami secara hukum diharuskan untuk 				melakukannya, atau bahwa pengungkapan tersebut sudah sesuai terkait dengan upaya untuk menyelidiki, mencegah, atau 				mengambil tindakan terhadap dugaan atau kegiatan ilegal yang terbukti, penipuan, atau pelanggaran lainnya.
b Penyedia Layanan:  Kami dapat melibatkan perusahaan, kontraktor, dan individu pihak ketiga 				yang dipilih untuk melakukan layanan yang saling melengkapi dengan kami (mis. layanan hosting, layanan analisis 				data, agen pemasaran serta layanan dan alat periklanan, layanan keamanan data dan cyber, layanan deteksi dan 				pencegahan penipuan, layanan pemrosesan pembayaran, mitra dukungan pelanggan, penguji dan moderator eksternal, 				layanan keterlibatan pengguna, penyebaran e-mail dan layanan pemantauan, perekaman sesi, dan penasihat bisnis, 				hukum, keuangan, dan kepatuhan kami (secara bersama-sama disebut “Penyedia Layanan”).
				Penyedia Layanan ini dapat mengakses Data Pribadi Anda, tergantung dari masing-masing peran dan tujuan spesifiknya 				dalam memfasilitasi dan melengkapi Layanan kami, dan hanya boleh menggunakannya untuk tujuan tersebut.
c Integrasi Pihak Ketiga: Layanan memungkinkan Anda terintegrasi dengan 				layanan pihak ketiga tertentu, misalnya untuk menautkan akun Facebook, Google, atau Apple Anda dengan Game tertentu, 				Masuk dengan Google, Facebook, atau Apple, atau untuk melakukan pembelian, di mana ini Anda akan diikat dengan 				syarat dan ketentuan serta informasi privasi pihak ketiga tersebut (misalnya, Apple, Google atau Facebook) - jadi 				pastikan bahwa Anda membaca dan menerimanya terlebih dahulu. Kami tidak menerima atau menyimpan kata sandi Anda 				untuk layanan pihak ketiga ini.
d Melindungi Hak-Hak dan Keselamatan:  Kami dapat membagikan Data Pribadi Anda kepada orang 				lain, dengan atau tanpa pemberitahuan kepada Anda, jika kami percaya dengan iktikad baik bahwa ini akan membantu 				melindungi hak, properti, atau keselamatan pribadi Moon Active, setiap pengguna kami atau masyarakat umum mana pun.
			
e Anak Perusahaan dan Perusahaan Afiliasi Moon Active:  Kami dapat membagikan Data Pribadi 				secara internal dalam grup perusahaan kami, untuk tujuan yang dijelaskan dalam Kebijakan Privasi ini.  Selain 				itu, apabila Moon Active atau afiliasinya mengalami perubahan kontrol, termasuk melalui merger, akuisisi atau 				pembelian seluruh asetnya secara substansial, Data Pribadi Anda dapat dibagikan kepada pihak yang terlibat dalam 				peristiwa tersebut. Jika kami percaya bahwa perubahan kontrol tersebut dapat secara material memengaruhi Data 				Pribadi Anda kemudian disimpan bersama kami, kami akan memberi tahu Anda tentang peristiwa ini dan pilihan yang 				mungkin Anda miliki melalui email dan/atau pemberitahuan penting pada Layanan kami.
Untuk menghilangkan keraguan, Moon Active dapat membagikan Data Pribadi Anda dengan cara tambahan, sesuai dengan 				persetujuan eksplisit Anda, atau jika kami secara hukum berkewajiban untuk melakukannya, atau jika kami menganggap 				data tersebut sebagai nonpribadi dan anonim. Kami dapat memindahkan, membagikan, atau menggunakan data non-pribadi 				atas kebijakan kami sendiri dan tanpa memerlukan persetujuan lebih lanjut.
6. Komunikasi

Komunikasi Layanan:  Kami dapat menghubungi Anda dengan informasi penting terkait Layanan kami.
					Misalnya, kami dapat memberi tahu Anda (melalui cara apa pun yang ada pada kami) tentang perubahan atau 					pembaruan pada Layanan kami, masalah penagihan, dsb. Anda tidak dapat memilih untuk keluar dari menerima 					komunikasi layanan tersebut.
Komunikasi Promosi:  Jika Anda telah mendaftar untuk menerima komunikasi seperti itu dari kami, 					kami juga dapat memberi tahu Anda tentang layanan baru, acara, dan kesempatan spesial atau informasi lain yang 					kami pikir akan Anda anggap berguna. Kami dapat menyampaikan pemberitahuan tersebut melalui sarana kontak apa 					pun yang ada pada kami (mis. telepon, ponsel, atau email), melalui Layanan, atau melalui kampanye pemasaran kami 					pada situs atau platform lain mana pun.

Anda berhak untuk menarik persetujuan Anda untuk menerima komunikasi promosi tersebut kapan saja. Anda dapat 				melakukannya dengan menghubungi kami di https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/id atau dengan mengikuti petunjuk 				"berhenti berlangganan", "berhenti" atau "mengubah preferensi email" dalam komunikasi promosi yang Anda terima.
7. Keamanan Data
Untuk melindungi Data Pribadi Anda yang disimpan bersama kami dan Penyedia Layanan kami, kami menggunakan 				langkah-langkah keamanan fisik, prosedural, dan elektronik yang sesuai, termasuk enkripsi jika dianggap tepat.
				Namun, perlu diketahui bahwa terlepas dari tindakan keamanan apa pun yang digunakan, kami tidak dapat dan melakukan 				tidak menjamin perlindungan dan keamanan mutlak atas Data Pribadi apa pun yang disimpan bersama kami atau dengan 				pihak ketiga mana pun. Jika Anda menemukan masalah keamanan atau kerentanan apa pun yang terkait dengan Layanan, 				Anda harus mengirim email ke: info@moonactive.com
 8. Cookie dan Teknologi Pelacakan
Layanan kami dan beberapa Penyedia Layanan kami menggunakan “cookie”, pengidentifikasi anonim dan 				teknologi pelacakan lainnya (secara bersama-sama disebut “Teknologi Pelacakan”) yang 				membantu kami menyediakan dan meningkatkan Layanan kami, menyesuaikan pengalaman Anda dan memantau performa kegiatan 				dan kampanye kami, serta penggunaan Aplikasi, Game, dan Layanan kami secara keseluruhan. Untuk mengetahui 				selengkapnya, kunjungi  Kebijakan Cookie kami.
 9. Penggunaan Iklan
Game kami berisi iklan untuk layanan dan produk pihak ketiga. Kami dan mitra iklan kami menggunakan data tertentu 				tentang Anda untuk meningkatkan praktik iklan kami serta membuat iklan yang kami hasilkan agar lebih efektif, 				relevan, dan menyenangkan, termasuk dengan menayangkan iklan berbasis minat, serta penargetan dan pengukuran iklan 				serta sistem atribusi.
Data tersebut mencakup pengidentifikasi iklan perangkat Anda (mis. IDFA atau ID Iklan), sejauh tersedia), data yang 				terkait dengan profil Facebook, Google, atau Apple Anda yang ditautkan (jika ada, seperti jenis kelamin, wilayah 				atau negara Anda), konten permainan game, ID pengguna dalam game, data interaksi produk serta informasi lain yang 				berbasis demografi dan minat yang kami atau mitra iklan kami telah terima dari atau tentang Anda, berdasarkan 				persetujuan Anda atau dasar hukum lainnya (yakni, sebagaimana diwajibkan untuk menyediakan layanan kami 				masing-masing kepada Anda, atau berdasarkan kepentingan yang sah yang kami jelaskan di atas).
Iklan yang kami atau mitra iklan kami tayangkan dapat ditampilkan dalam Game kami, Layanan kami, atau melalui saluran 				lain, seperti situs web dan aplikasi pihak ketiga.
Kebijakan Privasi ini tidak berlaku untuk praktik perusahaan yang tidak kami miliki atau kendalikan atau karyawan 				atau penyedia layanan yang tidak kami kelola. Setiap informasi yang Anda berikan ke situs, aplikasi atau layanan 				yang diiklankan melalui Layanan kami akan dicakup oleh kebijakan privasi mereka yang berlaku yang disebutkan di 				dalamnya. Pastikan untuk membaca kebijakan privasi aplikasi, layanan, dan situs pihak ketiga mana pun yang Anda 				kunjungi atau berikan izin untuk mengakses informasi Anda. Pihak ketiga tersebut bertanggung jawab untuk melindungi 				informasi yang Anda berikan kepada mereka, karena itu, kami tidak akan bertanggung jawab atas penggunaan informasi 				yang dapat membuka identitas pribadi Anda. Untuk mengetahui selengkapnya, kunjungi Kebijakan Cookie kami.

Cara menyesuaikan preferensi Anda terkait iklan berbasis minatJika Anda ingin mencegah penggunaan 					ID iklan perangkat Anda atau pengidentifikasi lain untuk periklanan menurut minat, Anda dapat mengubah 					pengaturan perangkat Anda untuk menyetel ulang ID iklan tersebut atau menyisih dari iklan tersebut (biasanya, 					ini tersedia di bawah "Privasi" atau bagian "Iklan" di pengaturan perangkat Anda). Jika Anda tinggal di AS, 					Kanada, atau Eropa, Anda juga dapat memilih keluar dari pengumpulan data Anda oleh mitra periklanan kami yang 					berpartisipasi dalam Aliansi Periklanan Digital, dengan mengunjungi www.aboutads.info/choiceswww.aboutads.info/choices (untuk pengguna 					AS), www.youradchoices.ca/choices (untuk pengguna Kanada), www.youronlinechoices.eu (untuk pengguna 					Eropa).Harap perhatikan bahwa jika Anda menyetel ulang ID iklan Anda atau menyisih dari iklan berbasis 					minat, Anda mungkin masih melihat iklan di Game kami, atau di saluran lain mana pun, tetapi iklan tersebut tidak 					akan ditargetkan berdasarkan pengidentifikasi yang disebutkan di atas. Misalnya, iklan tersebut mungkin 					didasarkan pada konteks, seperti kemajuan dan tindakan Anda dalam Game, atau preferensi bahasa Anda. Harap 					dicatat bahwa tindakan tersebut dapat mengakibatkan pengalaman pengguna yang kurang menyenangkan.
Informasi agregat dan analitisKami menggunakan alat analitik standar Google Analytics dan dapat 					menggunakan alat analitik lain dari waktu ke waktu. Praktik privasi alat ini tunduk pada kebijakan privasi 					mereka sendiri. Untuk mempelajari lebih lanjut, silakan kunjungi Kebijakan Cookie kami
Produk Google:Google menggunakan teknologi seperti cookie untuk melacak dan menganalisis 					penggunaan Situs kami dan/atau SDK untuk menayangkan iklan dalam Game kami. Untuk mempelajari lebih lanjut 					tentang cara Google memproses data, sebaiknya tinjau kebijakan Google yang terdapat di:
					https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites. Untuk informasi tambahan, lihat alat web penyisihan 					Google Analytics yang tersedia di: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. Untuk informasi tambahan mengenai 					data yang diproses dan disimpan oleh Google SDK, lihat: https://support.google.com/admob/answer/7665968

 10. Hak Subjek Data – Wilayah Ekonomi Eropa, Swiss, dan Britania 					Raya
Jika Anda adalah penduduk Wilayah Ekonomi Eropa (EEA), Swiss, atau Britania Raya (UK) tentang siapa kami memproses 				Data Pribadi, Anda berhak untuk:

Meminta akses ke Data Pribadi Anda (umumnya dikenal sebagai “permintaan akses subjek 					data”). Ini memungkinkan Anda untuk menerima salinan Data Pribadi yang kami simpan tentang Anda dan untuk 					memeriksa bahwa kami memprosesnya secara sah.
Meminta koreksi Data Pribadi yang kami miliki tentang Anda. Ini memungkinkan Anda untuk 					mengoreksi informasi yang tidak lengkap atau tidak akurat yang kami miliki tentang Anda.
Meminta penghapusan Data Pribadi Anda. Ini memungkinkan Anda untuk meminta 					kami menghapus atau menghapus Data Pribadi jika tidak ada alasan kuat bagi kami untuk terus memprosesnya. Anda 					juga berhak meminta kami untuk menghapus atau menghapus Data Pribadi Anda di mana Anda telah menggunakan hak 					Anda untuk menolak pemrosesan (lihat di bawah).
Menolak pemrosesan Data Pribadi Anda di mana kami mengandalkan kepentingan 					yang sah (atau kepentingan pihak ketiga) dan ada sesuatu tentang situasi khusus Anda yang membuat Anda ingin 					menolak pemrosesan atas dasar ini. Anda juga berhak menolak tempat kami memproses Data Pribadi Anda untuk tujuan 					pemasaran langsung.
Meminta pembatasan pemrosesan Data Pribadi Anda. Ini memungkinkan Anda untuk meminta kami untuk 					menangguhkan pemrosesan Data Pribadi tentang Anda, misalnya jika Anda ingin kami menetapkan keakuratannya atau 					alasan pemrosesannya.
Meminta transfer Data Pribadi Anda ke pihak lain.
Tidak ada biaya yang biasanya diperlukan.Anda tidak perlu membayar biaya untuk mengakses 					Data Pribadi Anda (atau untuk menggunakan hak lainnya). Namun, kami dapat mengenakan biaya yang wajar jika 					permintaan Anda untuk akses jelas tidak berdasar atau berlebihan. Atau, kami dapat menolak untuk memenuhi 					permintaan dalam keadaan seperti itu.
Apa yang mungkin kami butuhkan dari 						Anda.Kami mungkin perlu meminta informasi spesifik dari Anda untuk membantu 					kami mengonfirmasi identitas Anda dan memastikan hak Anda untuk mengakses informasi tersebut (atau untuk 					menggunakan hak Anda yang lain). Ini adalah langkah keamanan lain yang tepat untuk memastikan bahwa Data Pribadi 					tidak diungkapkan kepada siapa pun yang tidak berhak menerimanya.
Hak untuk Menarik Persetujuan.Dalam keadaan terbatas di mana Anda mungkin telah 					memberikan persetujuan Anda untuk pengumpulan, pemrosesan, dan transfer Data Pribadi Anda untuk tujuan tertentu, 					Anda berhak untuk menarik persetujuan Anda untuk pemrosesan khusus itu kapan saja. Untuk menarik persetujuan 					Anda, silakan hubungi info@moonactive.com. Setelah kami menerima pemberitahuan bahwa Anda telah menarik 					persetujuan Anda, kami tidak akan lagi memproses informasi Anda untuk tujuan atau tujuan yang awalnya Anda 					setujui, kecuali kami memiliki dasar sah lain untuk melakukannya dalam undang-undang.Jika Anda ingin 					menggunakan hak Anda berdasarkan hukum yang berlaku (misalnya, Peraturan Perlindungan Data Umum (GDPR) atau GDPR 					Britania Raya), silakan hubungi kami  di sini.Jika Anda tinggal di EEA atau Britania Raya, Anda juga dapat 					menghubungi perwakilan EEA atau Britania Raya kami di: dpr@moonactive.com.Jika Anda ingin mengelola informasi yang kami 					terima tentang Anda dari aplikasi atau platform pihak ketiga tempat Anda memainkan Game kami, seperti Facebook, 					Apple, atau Google, ikuti instruksi aplikasi pihak ketiga untuk memperbarui informasi Anda dan mengubah 					pengaturan privasi Anda .Anda berhak mengajukan keluhan kepada otoritas pengawas perlindungan data. Untuk 					penduduk EEA, Anda dapat menemukan detail otoritas pengawas nasional Anda di:
					https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en. Penduduk Britania Raya dapat menghubungi Kantor Komisaris 					Informasi di: https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/.

11. Transfer Data
Data Pribadi Anda dapat dipelihara, diproses, diakses dan disimpan oleh Moon Active dan afiliasi resmi dan Penyedia 				Layanan kami di dan dari Amerika Serikat dan yurisdiksi lainnya, sebagaimana diperlukan untuk pengiriman Layanan 				kami yang tepat, atau sebagaimana diwajibkan oleh hukum. Moon Active berbasis di yurisdiksi yang dianggap oleh 				otoritas Britania Raya, Swiss, dan Komisi Eropa menawarkan tingkat perlindungan yang memadai untuk Data Pribadi 				penduduk EEA dan Britania Raya.
Kami dapat mentransfer Data Pribadi yang kami kumpulkan tentang Anda di luar EEA, Swiss, atau Britania Raya, untuk 				menjalankan kontrak kami dengan Anda. Untuk memastikan bahwa Data Pribadi Anda menerima tingkat perlindungan yang 				memadai, kami telah menerapkan langkah-langkah berikut untuk memastikan bahwa Data Pribadi Anda diperlakukan oleh 				pihak ketiga tersebut dengan cara yang konsisten dengan dan yang menghormati undang-undang Uni Eropa dan Britania 				Raya tentang data perlindungan: Klausul Kontrak Standar dan negara-negara yang menjadi subjek penentuan kecukupan 				Uni Eropa. Jika Anda memerlukan informasi lebih lanjut tentang tindakan perlindungan, Anda dapat menghubungi kami 				menggunakan rincian di Bagian 13.
12. Anak di Bawah Umur
Game berikut tersedia untuk individu yang berusia enam belas (16) tahun ke atas: "My Café: Recipes and 				stories", "Toy Defense", "Toy Defense 2", "Toy Defense: Fantasy", "Fish Now.io", “Kitchen Stars”, 				"Family Island", "My Pizza Restaurant", "Zen Match", "Travel Town".
Semua Games dan Layanan lainnya hanya tersedia untuk individu yang berusia di atas delapan belas (18) tahun atau 				berusia dewasa secara hukum di yurisdiksi Anda.
Kami berhak untuk meminta bukti usia atau persetujuan orang tua pada tahap apa pun. Kami dapat memblokir Pengguna 				yang kami duga berada di bawah usia yang berlaku. Kami tidak secara sengaja mengumpulkan Data Pribadi dari anak di 				bawah umur dan tidak ingin melakukannya. Jika kami mengetahui bahwa anak di bawah umur menggunakan Layanan atau 				memainkan salah satu Game kami, kami dapat melarang dan memblokir penggunaan tersebut dan akan melakukan semua upaya 				untuk langsung menghapus Data Pribadi yang disimpan pada kami terkait dengan anak di bawah umur 				tersebut.
Jika Anda yakin bahwa kami mungkin memiliki data tersebut, silakan hubungi kami di 				https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/id.
 13. Amandemen dan Versi Pengendali
Kami dapat mengubah Kebijakan Privasi ini dari waktu ke waktu dengan memposting versi yang diubah pada Layanan kami.
				Versi yang diubah akan berlaku efektif pada tanggal efektif yang dipublikasikan. Kami akan memberikan pemberitahuan 				terlebih dahulu jika ada perubahan substansial yang terlibat, melalui salah satu sarana komunikasi yang tersedia 				bagi kami, atau pada Layanan. Setelah periode pemberitahuan ini, semua amandemen akan dianggap diterima oleh Anda.
				Jika Anda tidak setuju untuk terikat dengan ketentuan Kebijakan Privasi yang baru atau yang diubah, Anda harus 				berhenti menggunakan Layanan.
Kebijakan Privasi telah disusun dalam bahasa Britania Raya, yang merupakan versi asli dan pengontrol dari Kebijakan 				Privasi ini. Semua terjemahan Kebijakan Privasi ini ke dalam bahasa lain hanya untuk kenyamanan dan tidak akan 				mengontrol arti atau penerapan Kebijakan Privasi ini. Jika ada perbedaan antara arti dari setiap versi terjemahan 				dari Kebijakan Privasi dan versi bahasa Britania Raya, arti dari versi bahasa Britania Raya yang akan berlaku..
14. Hubungi Kami
Jika Anda memiliki komentar atau pertanyaan tentang Kebijakan Privasi ini atau jika Anda memiliki kekhawatiran 				tentang Privasi Anda, atau untuk menghubungi Manajer Perlindungan Data Moon Active, silakan gunakan tautan di sini.
			
Jika Anda tinggal di UE atau Britania Raya, Anda juga dapat menghubungi perwakilan UE atau Britania Raya kami di dpr@moonactive.com.
 
LAMPIRAN A
Adendum Privasi Kandidat
Moon Active berkomitmen untuk melindungi privasi dan keamanan Data Pribadi Anda. Adendum Privasi Kandidat ini 				menjelaskan bagaimana kami mengumpulkan dan menggunakan Data Pribadi tentang Anda sebelum hubungan kerja Anda dengan 				kami, sesuai dengan undang-undang perlindungan data yang berlaku. Ini berlaku untuk semua kandidat untuk posisi 				sebagai karyawan, pekerja atau kontraktor.
Adendum Privasi Kandidat ini berlaku untuk kandidat yang melamar pekerjaan dan peran kontraktor dengan Moon Active.
				Adendum Privasi Kandidat ini bukan merupakan bagian dari kontrak kerja atau kontrak lain untuk menyediakan layanan.
				Kami dapat memperbarui pemberitahuan ini kapan saja.
Penting bagi Anda untuk membaca Adendum Privasi Kandidat ini bersama dengan Kebijakan Privasi kami dan pemberitahuan 				privasi lainnya yang kami berikan kepada Anda pada saat-saat tertentu saat kami mengumpulkan atau memproses Data 				Pribadi tentang Anda, sehingga Anda mengetahui bagaimana dan mengapa kami menggunakan informasi tersebut dan apa hak 				Anda berdasarkan undang-undang perlindungan data yang berlaku.
 A. Prinsip Perlindungan Data:
Kami akan mematuhi undang-undang perlindungan data, yang mengharuskan Data Pribadi yang kami miliki tentang Anda:

Digunakan secara sah, adil dan transparan;
Dikumpulkan hanya untuk tujuan yang sah yang telah kami jelaskan dengan jelas kepada Anda dan tidak digunakan 					dengan cara apa pun yang tidak sesuai dengan tujuan tersebut;
Relevan dengan tujuan yang telah kami beri tahukan kepada Anda dan terbatas hanya pada tujuan tersebut;
Akurat dan selalu terkini;
Disimpan hanya selama diperlukan untuk tujuan yang telah kami ceritakan kepada Anda; dan
Disimpan dengan aman.

 B. Jenis Informasi yang Kami Miliki Tentang Anda:
Data pribadi, atau Data Pribadi, berarti informasi apa pun tentang seseorang yang darinya orang tersebut dapat 				diidentifikasi. Itu tidak termasuk data yang identitasnya telah dihapus (data anonim). Ada “kategori 				khusus” dari data pribadi yang lebih sensitif yang memerlukan tingkat perlindungan yang lebih tinggi, seperti 				informasi tentang kesehatan atau orientasi seksual seseorang.
Kami dapat mengumpulkan, menyimpan, dan menggunakan kategori Data Pribadi berikut tentang Anda:

Rincian kontak pribadi seperti nama, jabatan, alamat, nomor telepon, dan alamat email pribadi.
Tanggal lahir.
Jenis kelamin.
Keluarga terdekat dan informasi kontak darurat.
Lokasi pekerjaan atau tempat kerja.
Informasi rekrutmen (termasuk salinan dokumentasi hak untuk bekerja, referensi, dan informasi lain yang 					disertakan dalam CV atau surat lamaran atau sebagai bagian dari proses aplikasi).
Catatan pekerjaan (termasuk jabatan, riwayat pekerjaan, jam kerja, hari libur, catatan pelatihan dan keanggotaan 					profesional).
Riwayat kompensasi.
Informasi kinerja.
Informasi disiplin dan keluhan.
Rekaman CCTV dan informasi lain yang diperoleh melalui sarana elektronik seperti catatan kartu gesek selama 					proses wawancara, jika ada.
Foto.
Di Britania Raya, hasil pemeriksaan status pekerjaan HMRC, rincian minat Anda dan hubungan dengan perantara yang 					menyediakan layanan Anda.

C. Bagaimana Informasi Pribadi Anda Dikumpulkan?
Kami mengumpulkan Data Pribadi tentang kandidat melalui proses aplikasi dan rekrutmen, baik langsung dari kandidat 				atau terkadang dari agen tenaga kerja. Kami terkadang mengumpulkan informasi tambahan dari pihak ketiga, termasuk 				mantan pemberi kerja.
D. Bagaimana Kami Akan Menggunakan Informasi Tentang Anda:
Kami hanya akan menggunakan Data Pribadi Anda ketika hukum mengizinkan kami dan ketika kami memiliki dasar hukum 				untuk melakukannya. Umumnya, kami akan mengandalkan alasan sah berikut untuk memproses Data Pribadi Anda:

Jika kami memiliki persetujuan Anda untuk melakukannya (“Persetujuan”).
Jika kami perlu melaksanakan kontrak yang telah kami buat dengan Anda atau mengambil langkah-langkah untuk 					membuat kontrak dengan Anda (“Kontrak”).
Dimana kita harus mematuhi kewajiban hukum (“Kewajiban Hukum”).
Jika diperlukan untuk kepentingan sah kami (atau kepentingan pihak ketiga) dan kepentingan serta hak dasar Anda 					tidak mengesampingkan kepentingan tersebut (“Kepentingan Sah”).

Jika Anda gagal memberikan informasi tertentu saat diminta, kami mungkin tidak dapat menilai kelayakan atau 				kesesuaian Anda untuk posisi terbuka, atau kami dapat dicegah untuk mematuhi kewajiban hukum kami.
Kami hanya akan menggunakan Data Pribadi Anda untuk tujuan yang kami kumpulkan, kecuali kami mempertimbangkan secara 				wajar bahwa kami perlu menggunakannya untuk alasan lain dan alasan itu sesuai dengan tujuan awal. Jika kami perlu 				menggunakan Data Pribadi Anda untuk tujuan yang tidak terkait, kami akan memberi tahu Anda dan kami akan menjelaskan 				dasar hukum yang memungkinkan kami melakukannya.
Harap dicatat bahwa kami dapat memproses Data Pribadi Anda tanpa sepengetahuan atau persetujuan Anda, sesuai dengan 				aturan di atas, jika hal ini diwajibkan atau diizinkan oleh hukum.
Penting bahwa Data Pribadi yang kami miliki tentang Anda akurat dan terkini. Harap beri tahu kami tentang perubahan 				Data Pribadi Anda selama pencalonan Anda.
E. Berbagi Data:
Kami harus membagikan data Anda dengan pihak ketiga, termasuk Penyedia Layanan pihak ketiga dan entitas lain di Moon 				Active.
Kami mewajibkan pihak ketiga untuk menghormati keamanan data Anda dan memperlakukannya sesuai dengan hukum.
Kami dapat mentransfer Data Pribadi Anda ke luar UE, dan jika kami melakukannya, kami akan memastikan Data Pribadi 				Anda terlindungi secara memadai. Silakan lihat bagian 10 dari Kebijakan Privasi kami untuk informasi lebih lanjut.
			

 Mengapa Anda dapat membagikan Data Pribadi saya dengan pihak ketiga?Kami akan membagikan Data 					Pribadi Anda dengan pihak ketiga jika diwajibkan oleh hukum, di mana diperlukan untuk mengelola hubungan kerja 					dengan Anda atau di mana kami memiliki kepentingan lain yang sah untuk melakukannya.
 Penyedia Layanan pihak ketiga mana yang memproses Data Pribadi saya?“Pihak ketiga” 					termasuk Penyedia Layanan pihak ketiga (termasuk kontraktor dan agen yang ditunjuk). Penyedia Layanan berikut 					memproses Data Pribadi tentang Anda untuk tujuan berikut:
					
Comeet – perekrutan


Seberapa amankah informasi saya dengan Penyedia Layanan dan entitas lain dalam grup kami?Semua 					Penyedia Layanan kami diharuskan untuk mengambil langkah-langkah keamanan yang tepat untuk melindungi Data 					Pribadi Anda sesuai dengan kebijakan kami. Kami tidak mengizinkan Penyedia Layanan kami untuk menggunakan data 					pribadi Anda untuk tujuan mereka sendiri. Kami mengizinkan mereka untuk memproses data pribadi Anda hanya untuk 					tujuan tertentu dan sesuai dengan instruksi kami.
 Bagaimana dengan pihak ketiga lainnya?Kami mungkin perlu membagikan Data Pribadi Anda dengan 					regulator atau untuk mematuhi hukum.

F. Hak Akses, Koreksi, Penghapusan, Dan Pembatasan
Jika Anda adalah penduduk EEA atau Britania Raya, dalam keadaan tertentu, Anda berhak atas hak subjek data yang 				diuraikan dalam Bagian 9 Kebijakan Privasi kami. Jika Anda ingin meninjau, memverifikasi, memperbaiki, atau meminta 				penghapusan Data Pribadi Anda, menolak pemrosesan data pribadi Anda, atau meminta kami mentransfer salinan Data 				Pribadi Anda ke pihak lain, silakan lihat Bagian 9 dari Kebijakan Privasi ini..
G. Retensi Data
Kami akan menyimpan Data Pribadi Anda hanya selama diperlukan untuk memenuhi tujuan pengumpulannya, termasuk untuk 				tujuan memenuhi persyaratan hukum, akuntansi, atau pelaporan apa pun sesuai dengan hukum dan peraturan yang berlaku.
				Untuk menentukan periode penyimpanan yang tepat untuk data pribadi, kami mempertimbangkan jumlah, sifat, dan 				sensitivitas data pribadi, potensi risiko bahaya dari penggunaan atau pengungkapan yang tidak sah atas data pribadi 				Anda, tujuan kami memproses data pribadi Anda, baik kita dapat mencapai tujuan tersebut melalui cara lain, dan 				persyaratan hukum yang berlaku. Setelah kami tidak lagi membutuhkan data kandidat, kami akan menyimpan dan 				memusnahkan Data Pribadi Anda dengan aman sesuai dengan hukum dan peraturan yang berlaku.
H. Hubungi Kami
Anda dapat menghubungi kami dengan pertanyaan atau masalah apa pun menggunakan perincian di Bagian 14 dari Kebijakan 				Privasi kami.




Moon Active –プライバシーポリシー
改訂日：2023年6月
 
Moon Active Ltd.ならびにその子会社および関連会社（総称して「Moon 					Active」、「当社」、「当社の」または「当社を」）は、Webおよびモバイル環境用のソーシャルゲーム（「ゲーム」）とともに、複数のデバイスやプラットフォーム（モバイルデバイスやFacebookなど）でゲームをプレイするためのWebおよびモバイルアプリケーション（それぞれが、「アプリ」）を開発、公開、および運営しています。 			
当社はまた、ウェブサイトwww.moonactive.com、www.melsoft-games.com、そのサブドメインおよび関連機能、ならびにオンラインストア（総称して「サイト」、およびゲームとアプリを合わせて、総称して「サービス」）も運営しています。 			
Moon 				Activeはお客様のプライバシーを尊重し、お客様のデータに関して当社の慣行をより透明で公正なものにすることに努めています。このプライバシーポリシーは、お客様の個人データを収集、保存、使用、共有する方法を説明しており、お客様が当社のサイトにアクセスし、当社のアプリをインストールし、当社のゲームをプレイしたり、当社とやり取りしたり、その他の方法で当社のサービスにアクセスまたは使用したりするときにはいつでも適用されます。 			
お客様がこのプライバシーポリシーをお読みいただき、十分に理解し、同意していただくようお願いいたします。このプライバシーポリシーに同意しない場合は、サービスを中止し、サービスの使用を避けてください。このプライバシーポリシーに従って、お客様はいつでもサービスの利用を停止する権利を有します。

Moon 				Activeは、「データ管理者」です。すなわち、当社は、お客様に関する個人データをどのように保持し、使用するかを決定する責任を有します。当社は、データ保護に関する一定の法律の下で、本プライバシーポリシーに記載された情報をお客様に通知する義務を負います。お客様は、個人データを提供する必要は法的にはありませんが、これがないと、サービスの全範囲または最高の体験を提供できません（たとえば、Facebookアカウントに接続しなくても依然ゲームをプレイできますが、それらのソーシャル機能を楽しむことができなくなります）。 			

データの収集
データの使用
保管と保持
個人データの削除とアカウントの閉鎖
データの共有
コミュニケーション
データのセキュリティ
クッキーと追跡技術
広告
データ主体の権利 – 欧州経済領域、スイス、英国
データの移転
未成年者
修正とバージョン管理
お問い合わせ先

1. データの収集
当社はデータの4つの主要なカテゴリーを収集します（それがある特定の個人の識別を可能にするまたはそのような潜在的にデータを識別することにリンクしている程度まで、当社はそれを「個人データ」と見なします）。

自動的に収集または生成されたデータ：当社によって、または当社の「サービス」を介してそれらに送信された電子メールまたはテキストメッセージを含め、誰かが当社のサービスを訪問、操作、または使用すると、当社はそれらに関する技術データを収集または生成する場合があります。当社は、「クッキー」およびその他の追跡技術（詳細は後述）の使用を含め、独立して、またはサードパーティのサービスを利用して、このようなデータを収集または生成します。このようなデータは、IPアドレス、ゲーム内識別子、ケームの統計情報、ゲームの設定、一意の広告ID（たとえばIDFA；お客様はオペレーティングシステムの手順に基づいてこのようなIDをリセットしてもよい）などの接続性、技術的または集約された使用状況データ、デバイスに関する非識別データ、オペレーティングシステム、ブラウザーまたはアプリバージョン、携帯通信会社、ロケールと言語の設定、当社の「サービス」でのユーザーアクティビティ、およびアプリ内またはゲームでのアクティビティ（ゲームプレイのコンテンツ、製品とのインタラクション、広告データなど）、診断データ（すなわち、クラッシュに関するデータやゲームのパフォーマンスに関するデータ）で構成されます。当社はそのようなデータを使用して個人の真の身元や連絡先の詳細を学習することはありませんが、ほとんどの場合、当社のユーザーが「サービス」を通常どのように使用し、どのように関わっているかについてよりよく理解するために使用します。このような技術データとデバイスデータを使用することで、当社とパートナーにとってインタレストベースまたはより効果的な広告とコンテンツをお届けすることに助けとなり、当社の広告管理とユーザーの視聴体験を最適化し、当社「サービス」の全体的なパフォーマンスとユーザー体験を向上させることができます。当社の広告の使用について詳しくは、以下の第8節をご覧ください。 				
お客様から受け取ったデータ：（Facebook、メッセンジャー、電子メール、ゲーム内チャット、またはサポートサービスを含むその他のチャネルを通じて）お客様が当社のアカウントをセットアップしたときもしくは当社に連絡したとき、公開フォーラムまたはグループに投稿したとき、電子メールアドレスを提供したとき（電子メールの更新やギフトを受け取るためにサインアップしたときなど）、競技会、コンテスト、トーナメントおよびその他のプロモーションに参加したとき、当社の「ゲーム」のいずれかを購入したとき、他のユーザーとゲーム内チャットを通じて交信したとき、またはFacebookもしくはAppleアカウントを当社の「ゲーム」のいずれかに接続することを選択したときなど、お客様は当社に個人データを自発的に提供できます。 				
Facebookおよびその他のチャネルから受信したデータ:「ゲーム」をお客様のFacebook、Google、もしくはAppleその他のアカウントに接続すると、該当する場合は、フルネーム、Facebook、GoogleまたはAppleに提供される電子メールアドレス、性別、プロフィール写真またはこれに類する写真、位置情報、タイムゾーン、および「ゲーム」をプレイしている友達のリスト（およびその写真その他の公開プロフィール情報）を含む（お客様がそれを「公開」と定義した範囲で）、公開プロファイルへのアクセスを当社は受け付けます。これにより、「ゲーム」内でお客様とお客様の友達の公開プロフィール写真を表示しお客様のゲーム内友達リストを作成することもできます。さらに、当社または当社の広告パートナーは、対象となる年齢層や利害関係者など、Facebookやその他のマーケティングチャネルから、当社の広告キャンペーンのパフォーマンスに関する一般情報を受け取る場合があり、当社または当社のパートナーは、そのような一般的なデータを当社が保有するその他のデータにリンクさせることができます。当社の広告慣行の詳細を知るには、以下の第8節を参照してください。お客様がFacebook、GoogleまたはAppleなどのサードパーティを介してサービスにアクセスする場合、または当社の「サービス」をサードパーティのアカウントに接続する場合は、それらの利用規約およびプライバシーポリシーを読む必要があります。サードパーティのアプリケーションが当社と共有している情報がどんなものかについてお客様が不明な場合には、そのサードパーティのアプリケーションのWebサイトにアクセスして、それらのプライバシー慣行の詳細を確認してください。 				
取引データ：「インゲーム」購入は、通常、関連するプラットフォームプロバイダー（Apple、Google、Facebookなど）によって処理され、当社はお客様の財務データ（例：クレジットカード番号または銀行口座）を収集または保存することはありません。ただし、お客様が購入を完了するため、および当社の会計上の目的で、名前、請求先住所、電子メールアドレス、購入した品名など、購入に関連する非財務個人データをやはり受け取る場合があります。 				

2. データの使用
お客様の個人データの収集および使用に関する法的根拠は、お客様のデータが処理される特定の目的に依存しますが、通常は以下を使用します。

契約の履行：Facebook、GoogleまたはAppleによるログインを選択した場合のソーシャルゲーミングおよびお客様が利用できる、サポートサービスを含み、「ゲーム」を行い、かつサービス通信、ギフトおよび各種の賞をお客様に送信するのに必要な処理のために当社はこの根拠を行使します。 				
同意：限られた場合（ダイレクトマーケティングメールを受信するためにサインアップすることを選択した場合、および当社のサイトでクッキーを受け入れる場合）、当社はお客様の同意に基づいて個人データを処理します。第13節に記載されている詳細を使用して当社に連絡することにより、いつでも同意を取り消すことができます。 				
正当な利益：当社の「サービス」および製品提供を維持しかつ改善し、当社の「サービス」がどのように使用されるかを理解し、当社の「ゲーム」の内部および他のチャネルを通じて効果的な広告を提供する、ゲーム内友達リストを作成するためにユーザーのマッチングを行う、当社のカスタマーサービス、サポートオペレーションおよび詐欺の検知能力を改善しかつ当社のユーザー、当社社員、および当社の「サービス」を保護および保護するに際して正当な利益に基づいてお客様の個人データを処理します。 				
法的義務の遵守：たとえば、準拠法に規定されている、法的義務を遵守するためにそうすることが必要な場合のごく限られた場合において、または裁判所や規制機関からの命令を受けた場合など、お客様の個人データを処理する場合があります。 				

当社が個人データを使用する目的については、以下で詳しく説明します。

当社の「サービス」を促進、運用、および提供するため
当社のプレーヤーのIDを認証し、プレーヤーが追加機能へアクセスするのを許可するため
当社のユーザーにカスタマーケア、支援、技術支援サービスを提供するため
お客様がゲーム内で他のプレーヤーと交流できるようにするため
共通または個人の好み、体験および困難に基づいて、プロフィールおよび友達リストをパーソナライズするなどして、「サービス」およびお客様のユーザー体験をさらに開発、カスタマイズ、および改善するため
リターゲティングの目的を含め、当社または当社のサービスプロバイダーが利用できるお客様の嗜好またはその他のデータに基づいて、「インゲーム」の進行状況および活動に基づく、状況に応じた広告、行動に応じた広告および関心事に基づいた広告を含む、広告をより効果的に管理および配信するため 				
一般的なまたはパーソナライズされたサービス関連のメッセージ（購入の確認またはシステムメンテナンスの通知など）で当社のユーザーに（電子メール、Facebook、プッシュ通知、またはその他の利用可能なチャネルを介して）連絡するため；プロモーションメッセージ（「ゲーム」の更新、ボーナス、新機能、VIPサービスなど）を使用して当社のユーザーに連絡するため;および特定のイベントやプロモーションを促進、後援、提供するため 				
詐欺、エラー、または違法または禁止された活動のリスクを防止および軽減する目的を含む、当社のデータセキュリティ対策をサポートおよび強化するため
当社またはサービスプロバイダーが当社のそれぞれのサービスを提供および改善するために使用すると思われる、集計された統計データ、推測された非個人データまたは匿名化または仮名化されたデータ（非個人とされた）を作成するため
該当する法令および規制を遵守するため

3. 保管と保持
プライバシー法は管轄区域間で異なる場合がありますが、Moon 				Activeは、安全かつ合法的な方法で、かつそれらの管轄区域において適用されるかもしれないあまり合法的でない規定に関係なく、一般的な業界慣行に準拠して、お客様の個人データがその関連会社およびサービスプロバイダーによって確実に扱われるように合理的な措置を講じてきました。 			
当社は、お客様との関係を維持し、お客様に当社サービスを提供するために、お客様の個人データを保持します。当社は、当社が個人データを収集した目的を達成するために必要な期間に限り、これを保持します。すなわち、当社は、お客様が引き続き当社のユーザーであり、ユーザーでなくなることを当社に通知しない限り、お客様の個人データを保持します。お客様がアカウントを削除した場合、当社は、お客様の個人データを削除するために合理的な措置を講じるものとします。また、当社は、法的な目的および会計上の目的で（すなわち、記録や簿記に関する適用法で定められた義務に従って、あるいはお客様の利用中止後に法的な問題が生じた場合に備えて当社とお客様との関係に関する証明や証拠を準備しておくために）、当社のデータ保持ポリシーに従って、お客様の個人データを保持する場合があります。当社のデータ保持ポリシーに関してご質問がある場合は、https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/jaよりお問い合わせください。 			
適用法によって要求されている場合を除き、当社は特定の期間にわたってお客様のデータを保持する義務を負わず、理由や時期を問わず、お客様への通知の有無にかかわらず、お客様のデータを確実に自由に消去できます。
当社は、お客様の個人データがお客様と関連付けられないようにするため、状況に応じて、お客様の個人データを匿名加工する場合があります。その場合、当社は、その後お客様に通知をすることなく当該情報を使用することができ、当該情報は、本プライバシーポリシーで定める意味における個人データとはみなされなくなります。 			
4. 個人データの削除とアカウントの閉鎖
本プライバシーポリシーで定めるその他の権利（採用候補者のプライバシーに関する追補で定める権利を除く）に加え、お客様は、該当するゲーム内の「アカウントの削除」ボタンにアクセスし、指示に従うことで、いつでもMoon 				Activeに対し、お客様の個人データの削除を指示することができます。このオプションを選択した場合、お客様のアカウントは閉鎖され、プレイ履歴、購入情報、ソーシャルメディアのログイン情報のほか、「ゲーム」との関係でお客様に関連付けられた情報はすべて削除されます。削除を取り消すことはできません。複数のゲームでアカウントを保持している場合、各アカウントの閉鎖を要請する必要があります。 			
お客様からの要請を受理し次第、当社は速やかに対応を行いますが、処理には多少時間がかかりますのでご了承ください。また、当社は、適用法により保持を義務付けられている個人データのコピーを保持する権利を留
5. データの共有
当社は、法執行機関、当社のサービスプロバイダー、関連会社などの特定のサードパーティとデータを共有する場合があります。データを共有する状況を以下にまとめます。

法令、法的命令の遵守および管轄官庁：当社は、召喚状、捜査令状、裁判所命令（または同様の要件）に応じて、または国家安全保障の目的を含む、適用法および規則に準拠して、特定の個人データを開示する若しくは政府および法執行機関の職員が特定の個人データにアクセスすることを許可する場合があります。そのように行うことが法的に強制されていると、または実際のまたは疑いのある違法行為、詐欺、またはその他の不正行為ものについて調査、防止、または措置を講じる努力に関して開示が適切であると当社が誠実に確信している場合、そのような開示またはアクセスがお客様への通知の有無にかかわらず発生する可能性があります。 				
サービスプロバイダー：当社は、選定されたサードパーティ企業、請負業者および個人に、当社独自のサービスと相補的なサービス（ホスティングサービス、データ分析サービス、マーケティング代理店と広告サービスとツール、データとサイバーセキュリティサービス、詐欺検出と防止サービス、支払い処理サービス、カスタマーサポートパートナー、外部モデレーターおよびテスター、ユーザーエンゲージメントサービス、電子メールの配布と監視サービス、セッションの記録、および当社のビジネス、法務、財務、コンプライアンスアドバイザー）（総称して「サービスプロバイダー」）を実施することを依頼する場合があります。これらのサービスプロバイダーは、当社「サービス」の促進および補完における特定の役割と目的に応じて、お客様の個人データにアクセスすることができ、当社から指示された目的でのみ、お客様の個人データを処理することができます。また、当社は、正当な業務上の目的で、当社サービスプロバイダーと匿名情報、統計情報または集計情報を共有することができます。 				
サードパーティ統合：本「サービス」では、お客様のFacebook、GoogleまたはAppleアカウントを特定の「ゲーム」に接続したり、GoogleまたはFacebookでログインしたり、Appleでサインインしたり、購入したりするなど、特定のサードパーティサービスと統合することがお客様に許容されています。その場合、お客様は当該サードパーティ（Apple、Google、Facebookなど）の利用規約およびプライバシー通知に拘束されます。したがって、それらを事前に読んで同意することを確実に行ってください。当社はこれらのサードパーティのサービスのためにお客様のパスワードを受け取ったり保存したりしません。 				
権利と安全の保護：Moon 					Active、当社のユーザーのいずれかの者、一般市民のメンバーの権利、財産、または個人の安全を保護するのに役立つと当社が誠意をもって確信している場合、当社は、お客様への通知の有無にかかわらず、他の者とお客様の個人データを共有することがあります。 				
Moon 						Active の子会社および関連会社：当社はこのプライバシーポリシーに記載されている目的のために、当社のファミリー会社内で個人データを内部で共有することがあります。さらに、Moon 					Activeまたはその関連会社が、実質的にすべての資産の合併、取得、または購入を含む、管理の変更を受けた場合、お客様の個人データは、そのようなイベントに関係する当事者と共有される場合があります。このような管理の変更がお客様の個人データに重大な影響を与える可能性があるとGoogleが判断した場合は、当社はこのイベントとユーザーの行う選択について、電子メールまたはサービスの目立つ通知で通知します。 				

疑義を解消するために、Moon 				Activeは、お客様の明示的な承認に従って、またはそうすることが法的に義務付けられている場合、またはそのようなデータを非個人的かつ匿名化した場合に、追加の方法でお客様の個人データを共有する場合があります。当社は、独自の裁量により、さらなる承認を必要とせずに、非個人データを転送、共有、またはその他の方法で使用することができます。 			
6. コミュニケーション

サービスコミュニケーション：当社は「サービス」に関する重要な情報をご連絡する場合があります。たとえば、「サービス」の変更や更新、請求に関する問題などを（当社にとって利用可能な手段のいずれかを介して）通知する場合があります。このようなサービスコミュニケーションの受け取りを解除することはできません。 				
プロモーショナルコミュニケーション：当社からこのようなコミュニケーションを受け取るためにサインアップした場合、新しいサービス、イベント、特別な機会、または価値があると思われるその他の情報についても通知する場合があります。当社は、当社にとって利用可能な連絡手段（電話、携帯電話、電子メールなど）を介して、「サービス」を介して、または他のサイトやプラットフォームでの当社のマーケティングキャンペーンを通じて、かかる通知を提供する場合があります。 				

お客様は、いつでもそのようなプロモーショナルコミュニケーションを受け取ることの同意を撤回する権利を有します。これを行うには、https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/jaよりご連絡いただくか、受け取るプロモーショナルコミュニケーションにおける「購読解除」、「配信停止」、または「電子メール設定の変更」の指示に従ってください。 			
7. データのセキュリティ
当社およびサービスプロバイダーが保有するお客様の個人データを保護するために、適切と思われる場合は暗号化を含む、適切な物理的、手続き的、および電子的なセキュリティ手段を使用します。ただし、使用するセキュリティ対策に関係なく、当社またはサードパーティに保存された個人データの絶対的な保護とセキュリティを保証することはできませんしかつ保証することもいたしません。「サービス」に関連して、セキュリティや脆弱性に関する問題を発見した場合は、info@moonactive.comまで電子メールでご連絡ください。
8. クッキーと追跡技術
当社の「サービス」および当社の一部のサービスプロバイダーは、「クッキー」、匿名識別子、およびその他の追跡技術（総称して「追跡技術」）を利用して、「サービス」の提供と改善、お客様の体験のパーソナライズ、および当社の活動およびキャンペーンのパフォーマンスとともにアプリ、ゲーム、サービス全体の使用状況の監視を支援します。詳細については、当社のクッキーポリシーをご覧ください。
9. 広告
当社の「ゲーム」には、サードパーティのサービスおよび製品の広告が含まれます。当社および当社の広告パートナーは、インタレストベース広告の実装や、ターゲティングあるいは広告の測定・アトリビューション（メディアの貢献度評価）のためのシステムの実装などを行うことにより、当社の広告手法を改善し、より効果的で関連度の高い、より楽しい広告を配信できるよう、お客様に関する特定のデータを使用します。 			
かかるデータには、ご利用のデバイスの広告識別子（IDFAや広告IDなど入手用可能な範囲で）、お客様が接続したFacebook、GoogleまたはAppleのプロフィールに関連するデータ（接続したプロフィールがある場合は、性別、地域、国など）、ゲームプレイのコンテンツ、ユーザーのゲーム内ID、製品とのインタラクションに関するデータ、および当社または当社の広告パートナーが、お客様の同意やその他の法的根拠に基づいて（すなわち、お客様に当社の各サービスを提供するために必要な場合、または上記で説明した正当な利益に基づいて）お客様からまたはお客様に関して受け取った可能性があるその他の属性情報や興味・関心に基づく情報が含まれます。 			
当社または当社の広告パートナーが配信する広告は、当社の「ゲーム」や「サービス」内で表示される場合もあれば、サードパーティのWebサイトやアプリケーションなどの他のチャネルを通じて表示される場合があります。
本プライバシーポリシーは、当社が所有もしくは支配していない企業、または当社の管理下にない従業員もしくはサービスプロバイダーの業務には適用されません。当社の「サービス」を通じて宣伝されるサイト、アプリケーションまたはサービスに対してお客様が提供する情報については、当該サイト、アプリケーションまたはサービス内に明記された該当のプライバシーポリシーが適用されます。サードパーティのアプリケーション、サービスおよびサイトを訪問する場合、またはこれらに対してご自身の情報へのアクセスを許可する場合は、先方のプライバシーポリシーを必ずお読みください。お客様が提供した情報を保護する責任は当該サードパーティ側にあり、当社は、お客様の個人を特定する情報を当該サードパーティが使用することについて責任を負いません。詳細については、当社クッキ―ポリシーをご覧ください。 			

インタレストベース広告に関する設定の調整方法インタレストベース広告で、ご利用のデバイスの広告IDその他の識別子が使用されることを希望しない場合は、デバイスの設定を変更して、当該広告IDをリセットするか、当該広告の配信を解除することができます（通常、この設定はデバイス設定の「広告」または「プライバシー」のメニューから行うことができます）。米国、カナダまたはヨーロッパにお住まいの場合は、www.aboutads.info/choices（米国のユーザー向け）、www.youradchoices.ca/choices（カナダのユーザー向け）、またはwww.youronlinechoices.eu（ヨーロッパのユーザー向け）にアクセスすることで、Digital 					Advertising 					Allianceに参加している当社広告パートナーによるお客様のデータの収集を拒否することもできます。広告IDのリセットやインタレストベース広告の配信解除を行っても、当社の「ゲーム」内や他のチャネル上に引き続き広告が表示される場合がありますが、これらの広告は上記の識別子に基づいてターゲティングが行われたものではありません。これらの広告は、たとえば、コンテキスト（「ゲーム」内でのお客様の進行状況やアクションなど）や言語設定に基づいて表示されている可能性があります。広告IDのリセットやインタレストベース広告の配信解除などの操作を行うと、ユーザー体験の面で楽しさが減少する可能性があることに注意してください 				
集計および分析情報当社は、Google 					Analyticsの標準的な分析ツールを使用しており、その他の分析ツールも適宜使用する場合があります。これらのツールのプライバシー慣行については、独自のプライバシーポリシーが適用されます。詳細については、当社クッキ―ポリシーをご覧ください。 				
Google製品Googleは、当社の「ゲーム」内で広告を表示するために、クッキーなどのテクノロジーを使用して当社サイトやSDKの使用状況を追跡および分析します。Googleによるデータの処理方法の詳細については、https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sitesに掲載されているGoogleのポリシーを確認することをお勧めします。さらに詳しい情報については、https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptoutにあるGoogle 					Analyticsのオプトアウト用Webツールをご覧ください。Google 					SDKが処理・保存するデータに関する追加の情報については、https://support.google.com/admob/answer/7665968を参照してください。

10. データ主体の権利 – 欧州経済領域、スイス、英国

当社が欧州経済領域（EEA）、スイスまたは英国にお住まいのお客様に関する個人データを処理する場合、お客様には次の権利が認められています。

ご自身の個人データへのアクセスを要求する権利（一般に「データ主体のアクセス要求」と呼ばれます）。これにより、お客様は、当社がお客様に関して保持する個人データのコピーを受け取り、当社がこれを合法的に処理していることを確認することができます。 				
当社がお客様に関して保持する個人データの訂正を要求する権利。これにより、お客様は、当社がお客様に関して保持する不完全または不正確な情報を訂正することができます。 				
個人データの削除を要求する権利。これにより、お客様は、当社が引き続き個人データを処理すべき正当な理由がない場合に、個人データの削除または消去を当社に要求することができます。また、お客様には、処理に異議を唱える権利（下記参照）を行使した場合に、ご自身の個人データの削除または消去を当社に求める権利が認められています。 				
当社が（自らのまたは第三者の）正当な利益に依拠している場合において、これを根拠とした処理に反対したくなるような要素がお客様の固有の状況に関して存在するときに、ご自身の個人データの処理に異議を唱える権利。また、お客様には、当社がダイレクトマーケティングを目的としてお客様の個人データを処理している場合に、異議を唱える権利も認められています。 				
ご自身の個人データの処理の制限を要求する権利。これにより、お客様は、たとえば当社に個人データの正確性や処理の理由を確認してほしい場合に、お客様に関する個人データの処理を一時停止するよう当社に求めることができます。 				
自身の個人データを別の者に移転するよう求める権利。
通常、手数料は不要です。ご自身の個人データにアクセスするため（またはその他のいずれかの権利を行使するために）に手数料を支払う必要はありません。ただし、お客様のアクセス要求が明らかに根拠がない場合や過剰である場合、当社は妥当な手数料を課すことができます。あるいは、当社は、かかる状況において要求に応じることを拒否することができます。 				
お客様に提供いただく可能性のある情報お客様の身元を確認し、情報にアクセスする（またはその他のいずれかの権利を行使する）権利があることを確認できるよう、当社からお客様に特定の情報を求めることが必要になる場合があります。これは、個人データがそれを受け取る権利のない者に開示されないようにするための適切なセキュリティ対策の一環です。 				
同意を撤回する権利状況としては限られますが、お客様が特定の目的のためにご自身の個人データの収集、処理および移転に同意した場合、その特定の処理についての同意をいつでも撤回する権利が認められています。同意を撤回するには、info@moonactive.comまでご連絡ください。お客様が同意を撤回したことが当社に通知された場合、当社はそれ以降、お客様に当初同意していただいた目的（複数の場合あり）でお客様の情報を処理しないものとします。ただし、法律上、当社が処理を行うべき別の正当な理由が存在する場合は、この限りではありません。適用法（EU一般データ保護規則（GDPR）や英国のGDPRなど）に基づく権利を行使したい場合は、こちらからご連絡ください。EEAまたは英国にお住まいの場合は、当社のEEA・英国担当（dpr@moonactive.com）までご連絡いただくことも可能です。

 Facebook、Apple、Googleなど、当社のゲームをプレイするサードパーティアプリケーションまたはプラットフォームから当社が受け取るお客様についての情報をお客様が管理したいのであれば、サードパーティアプリケーションの指示に従ってお客様の情報を更新およびお客様のプライバシー設定を変更してください。 			
お客様は、データ保護監督当局に苦情を申し立てる権利があります。EEA内にお住まいの場合は、https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_enで、お客様の国家監督機関の詳細を確認できます。英国にお住まいの場合は、https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/から、個人情報保護監督機関に連絡を取ることができます。 			
11. データの移転
当社「サービス」を適切にお届けするために必要な場合、または法律で義務付けられている場合、Moon 				Activeおよび正当な権限を有する当社の関連会社、ならびにサービスプロバイダーは、米国およびその他の法域内で、または米国およびその他の法域から、お客様の個人データを維持、処理、アクセス、および保存する可能性があります。Moon 				Activeは、EEAおよび英国の居住者の個人データに関して、十分な水準の保護が行われていると英国、スイスおよび欧州委員会の当局によりみなされている法域に拠点を置いています。
当社は、お客様との契約を履行するために、お客様に関して収集した個人情報をEEA、スイスまたは英国以外の国に移転する場合があります。お客様の個人データが十分な水準の保護を受けられるよう、当社は、標準契約条項を導入し、EUによる十分性認定を受けた国のみを対象とすることで、お客様の個人データが当該第三者により、データ保護に関するEUおよび英国の法律と矛盾しない、それらの法律を尊重する形で取り扱われるよう万全を期しています。保護措置に関してより詳しい情報が必要な場合は、第13節の情報を使って当社までご連絡ください。 			
12. 未成年者
次の「ゲーム」は、16歳以上の個人が利用できます：「My Café: Recipes and Stories」、「Toy Defense」、「Toy Defense 2」、「Toy Defense:
				Fantasy」、「Fish Now.io」、「Kitchen Stars」、「Family Island」、「My Pizza Restaurant」、 「Zen Match」, 「Travel Town」。
その他の「ゲーム」および「サービス」はすべて、18歳以上または管轄区域内の法定成人の年齢以上である個人のみが利用できます。当社は、いかなる段階でも年齢または親権者の同意の証明を要求する権利を留保します。 適用可能年齢未満であると疑われるユーザーをブロックする場合があります。意図的に未成年者から個人データを収集することはありませんし、収集することも望んでいません。 未成年者が「サービス」を使用している、または「ゲーム」をプレイしていることが判明した場合、そのような使用を禁止およびブロックすることがあり、そのような未成年者に関して保存されている個人データを迅速に削除するようあらゆる努力をします。 			
当社がそのようなデータを有していると思われる場合は、https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/jaよりご連絡ください。
13. 修正とバージョン管理
当社は改訂版を「サービス」上に投稿することにより、このプライバシーポリシーを随時修正する場合があります。この改訂版は、発表された発効日から有効になります。 				大幅な変更がある場合は、利用可能な通信手段を介してまたは「サービス」上で、事前に通知します。 この通知期間後、すべての修正はお客様によって受け入れられたと見なされます。 				お客様が、新規または変更されたプライバシーポリシーの条件に拘束されることに同意しない場合は、サービスの使用を停止する必要があります。
本プライバシーポリシーは英語で起草されており、英語版が正本であり、日本語のプライバシーポリシーに優先します。本プライバシーポリシーのその他の言語への翻訳は全て、便宜上のものであり、英語版プライバシーポリシーの意味や適用に優先するものではありません。プライバシーポリシーの翻訳版と英語版に相違がある場合は、英語版の意味が優先します。 			
14. お問い合わせ先
本プライバシーポリシーについてコメントや質問がある場合、ご自身のプライバシーに関して懸念がある場合、またはMoon Activeのデータ保護マネージャーに連絡する場合は、こちらのリンクをご利用ください。
EUまたは英国にお住まいの場合は、当社のEU・英国担当（dpr@moonactive.com）までご連絡をいただくことも可能です。
 
 
附属書A
採用候補者のプライバシーに関する追補
 
Moon 				Activeは、採用候補者の個人データのプライバシーおよびセキュリティの保護に取り組んでいます。この採用候補者のプライバシーに関する追補では、採用候補者と当社との仕事上の関係が始まる前に、当社が候補者に関する個人データを、データ保護に関する適用法に従いどのように収集し、利用するかを説明します。本追補は、従業員、労働者または請負人としての職務に応募するすべての候補者に適用されます。 			
 
この採用候補者のプライバシーに関する追補は、Moon 				Activeの従業員および請負人としての職務に応募する候補者に適用されます。本追補は、雇用契約、あるいは役務の提供を目的としたその他の契約の一部を成すものではありません。当社は、本通知をいつでも更新することができます。
 
当社がそうした情報を使用する理由や方法、そしてデータ保護に関する適用法の下で候補者に認められている権利を把握するためにも、この採用候補者のプライバシーに関する追補と併せて、当社のプライバシーポリシー、および当社が候補者に関する個人データを収集・処理する具体的な場面で提供するその他のプライバシー通知をお読みいただくことが重要になります。 			
A. データ保護の原則
当社は、データ保護に関する法律を遵守します。データ保護に関する法律では、当社が候補者に関して保持する個人データが、次の条件を満たすことが求められています。

合法的かつ公正に、透明性の高い方法で使用されること。
当社が候補者に明確に説明した有効な目的のためにのみ収集され、それらの目的と矛盾するいかなる形でも使用されないこと。
当社が候補者に伝えた目的と関連しており、それらの目的に限定されること。
正確で、最新の状態に維持されること。
当社が候補者に伝えた目的に照らして必要な期間に限って保持されること。
安全に保管されること。

B. 当社が候補者に関して保持する情報の種類
個人データとは、個人に関するあらゆる情報のうち、そこから個人を特定することが可能な情報を意味します。識別情報が除去されたデータ（匿名加工データ）は含まれません。個人の健康や性的指向に関する情報など、より高い水準の保護が求められる「特別カテゴリー」に属する、より機微な個人データも存在します。 			
当社は、候補者に関して次のカテゴリーに該当する個人データを収集、保管および使用する可能性があります。

氏名、役職、住所、電話番号、個人用メールアドレスなどの個人的な連絡先情報
生年月日
性別
近親者および緊急時の連絡先情報
勤務先や職場の場所
採用に関する情報（就労の権利に関する文書、推薦状、履歴書やカバーレターに含まれるその他の情報、または応募プロセスの一部となっているその他の情報の写しを含む）
雇用記録（職名、職歴、勤務時間、休日、トレーニング記録、専門家団体への加盟状況）
過去に受け取った報酬の記録
実績に関する情報
懲戒処分や苦情に関する情報
監視カメラの映像や、面接過程における磁気カードの読み取り記録など、電子的手段を通じて取得したその他の情報（該当する場合のみ）
写真
英国においては、HMRC（歳入関税庁）による雇用状況の確認結果、候補者の役務が仲介者を通じて提供される場合は、候補者と当該仲介者との利害関係やその他の関係についての詳細

C .候補者の個人情報の収集方法
当社は、応募・採用のプロセスを通じて、候補者から直接、または時に職業紹介所から、候補者に関する個人データを収集します。当社は、以前の勤務先を含め、第三者から追加の情報を収集する場合があります。
D. 候補者に関する情報の使用方法
当社は、法律により認められており、法的根拠が存在する場合のみ、候補者の個人データを使用します。次の法的根拠に基づいて候補者の個人データを処理するのが最も一般的です。

当社が候補者からその行為について同意を得ている場合（「同意」）
当社が候補者と締結した契約を履行するために必要な場合、または候補者と契約を締結するための措置を講じるために必要な場合（「契約」）
当社が法的義務を遵守するために必要な場合（「法的義務」）
当社の利益（または第三者の利益）および候補者の利益のために必要で、基本的権利がこれらの利益に優先しない場合（「正当な利益」）

候補者が特定の情報を求められた際にこれを提供しなかった場合、当社は、募集中の職種に対する候補者の適格性または適性を評価できない可能性があり、また当社の法的義務の遵守が妨げられる可能性があります。
当社は、候補者の個人データを、これを収集した目的でのみ使用します。ただし、当社が別の理由でこれを使用する必要があり、その理由が当初の目的と矛盾しないと当社が合理的に判断する場合は、この限りではありません。当社が、関連性のない目的で候補者の個人データを使用する必要がある場合は、候補者に通知を行い、当社が当該目的で個人データを使用できる法的根拠を説明します。 			
当社は、法律により義務付けられている場合、または法律により認められている場合、上記のルールに従い、候補者の関知しないところで、または候補者の同意を得ることなく、候補者の個人データを処理する可能性がありますのでご了承ください。
当社が候補者に関して保持する個人データは、正確かつ最新であることが重要です。候補者である期間中に個人データに変更があった場合は、必ず当社にお知らせください。
E. データの共有
当社は、候補者のデータを、サードパーティのサービスプロバイダーやMoon Activeの別法人などの第三者と共有する場合があります。
当社は、第三者に対し、候補者のデータのセキュリティを尊重し、法律に従ってこれを取り扱うよう要求します。
当社は、候補者の個人データをEU外に移転する場合があり、その場合、当社は、候補者の個人データが適切に保護されるよう万全を期すものとします。詳細については、当社プライバシーポリシーの第10節をご覧ください。

私の個人データを第三者と共有する可能性があるのはなぜですか？当社は、法律で義務付けられている場合、候補者との仕事上の関係を管理するために必要な場合、または当社がそれを行うことについて別の正当な利益が存在する場合に、候補者の個人データを第三者と共有します。 				
私の個人データを処理するサードパーティのサービスプロバイダーとは誰ですか？「第三者」には、サードパーティのサービスプロバイダー（請負人および指定代理人を含む）が含まれます。次のサービスプロバイダーは、次に掲げる目的で、候補者に関する個人データを処理します 					
Comeet – 採用


サービスプロバイダーやグループ内の別法人が私の情報を処理する場合の安全性はどの程度ですか？当社のサービスプロバイダーはすべて、当社のポリシーに従って候補者の個人データを保護するために、適切なセキュリティ対策を講じることを義務付けられています。当社は、当社のサービスプロバイダーが候補者の個人データを独自の目的で使用することを認めていません。当社は、サービスプロバイダーに対し、指定された目的に限り、当社の指示に従って候補者の個人データを処理することを許可しています。 				
その他の第三者についてはどうですか？当社は、監督機関との間で、またはその他の形で法律を遵守するために、候補者の個人データの共有が必要になる場合があります。

F. アクセス権、訂正権、削除権、制限権
候補者がEEAまたは英国の居住者である場合、候補者には、一定の状況下において、当社プライバシーポリシー第9節に定めるデータ主体の権利が認められます。候補者が自らの個人データの内容を確認し、正確性を確認し、訂正し、もしくはその削除を要求したい場合、個人データの処理に異議を唱えたい場合、または個人データのコピーを別の者に移転することを当社に要求したい場合は、本プライバシーポリシーの第9節を参照してください。 			
G. データの保持
当社は、適用法令に従って法律上、会計上または報告上の要件を満たすことが目的の場合を含め、候補者の個人データを収集した目的を達成するために必要な期間に限りこれを保持します。個人データの適切な保持期間を判断するに当たり、当社は、個人データの量、性質および機微度、個人データの不正な使用または開示による損害が発生する潜在的なリスク、当社が個人データを処理する目的、それらの目的を別の手段を通じて達成できるかどうか、そして適用される法的要求事項を考慮します。当社において候補者のデータが不要となった場合、当社は、適用法令に従い、候補者の個人データを保持するか、安全な方法で破棄します。 			
H. お問い合わせ先
ご質問や懸念事項がある場合は、当社プライバシーポリシー第14節の情報を使って当社までご連絡ください。




Moon Active - Dasar Privasi
Kemas kini terakhir: Jun 2023
 Moon Active Ltd. dan anak syarikat serta sekutunya ("Moon Active", 				"kami", "kita" atau "pihak kami") mengembangkan, menerbitkan dan 				mengendalikan permainan sosial untuk persekitaran web dan mudah alih "Permainan"), serta aplikasi 				web dan mudah alih (masing-masing, "Aplikasi") untuk main Permainan kami merentasi pelbagai peranti 				dan platform (seperti peranti mudah alih dan Facebook).
Kami juga mengendalikan laman-laman web www.moonactive.com, www.melsoft-games.com, subdomainnya dan ciri-ciri 				yang berkaitan, serta kedai dalam talian ("Laman Web", dan bersama dengan 				Permainan dan Aplikasi, secara kolektif - "Perkhidmatan").
Moon Active menghormati privasi anda dan komited untuk menjadikan amalan kami mengenai data anda lebih telus dan 				adil. Dasar Privasi ini menerangkan cara kami mengumpulkan, menyimpan, menggunakan dan berkongsi data peribadi anda, 				dan ia terpakai setiap kali anda mengunjungi Laman Web kami, memasang Aplikasi kami dan bermain Permainan kami, 				berinteraksi dengan kami atau mengakses atau menggunakan Perkhidmatan kami.
Kami menggesa anda untuk membaca Dasar Privasi ini dan memastikan bahawa anda memahami dan bersetuju 					sepenuhnya. Sekiranya anda tidak bersetuju dengan Dasar ini, hentikan dan elakkan penggunaan Perkhidmatan kami.
					Anda berhak untuk berhenti menggunakan Perkhidmatan kami, menurut Dasar Privasi ini pada bila-bila 					masa.
Moon Active ialah "pengawal data". Ini bermakna kami bertanggungjawab untuk memutuskan cara kami menyimpan dan 				menggunakan Data Peribadi tentang anda. Kami dikehendaki di bawah undang-undang perlindungan data tertentu untuk 				memaklumkan anda tentang maklumat yang terkandung dalam Dasar Privasi ini. Anda tidak diwajibkan secara 				sah untuk menyediakan Data Peribadi kepada kami, namun tanpanya kami tidak akan dapat memberikan anda jenis penuh 				atau pengalaman terbaik dalam menggunakan Perkhidmatan kami (contohnya, anda mungkin masih main Permainan kami tanpa 				bersambung kepada akaun Facebook anda, tetapi anda tidak dapat menikmati ciri sosialnya).

Pengumpulan Data
Penggunaan Data
Storan dan Pengekalan
Pemadaman Data Peribadi dan Penutupan Akaun
Perkongsian Data
Komunikasi
Sekuriti Data
Kuki dan Teknologi Penjejakan
Pengiklanan
Hak Subjek Data – Kawasan Ekonomi Eropah, Switzerland dan United Kingdom

Pemindahan Data
Bawah Umur
Pindaan dan Versi Kawalan
Hubungi Kami

 1. Pengumpulan Data
Kami mengumpulkan empat kategori data utama (dan setakat mana ia mungkin membolehkan pengenalpastian orang tertentu, 				atau dihubungkan dengan data yang berpotensi mengenal pasti, kami akan menganggapnya sebagai "Data 					Peribadi"):

Data yang dikumpulkan atau dihasilkan secara automatik:Apabila seseorang mengunjungi, 					berinteraksi dengan atau menggunakan Perkhidmatan kami, termasuk e-mel atau mesej teks yang dihantar kepada 					mereka oleh kami atau melalui Perkhidmatan kami, kami mungkin mengumpulkan atau menghasilkan data teknikal 					mengenainya. Kami mengumpulkan atau menghasilkan data tersebut sama ada secara bebas atau dengan bantuan 					perkhidmatan pihak ketiga, termasuk melalui penggunaan "kuki" dan teknologi penjejakan lain (seperti di 					bawah).Data sedemikian terdiri daripada data sambungan, teknikal atau penggunaan agregat, seperti alamat 					IP, pengenalpasti dalam permainan, statistic permainan, pilihan permainan, ID pengiklanan unik (contohnya IDFA; 					anda boleh menetapkan semula ID tersebut berdasarkan arahan sistem pengoperasian), data yang tidak mengenal 					pasti mengenai peranti, sistem operasi, penyemak imbas atau versi Aplikasi, penyedia mudah alih, tetapan bahasa 					dan tempatan, aktiviti pengguna pada Perkhidmatan kami, aktiviti dalam Aplikasi atau Permainan (seperti 					kandungan permainan/interaksi produk dan data pengiklanan); data diagnostik (contohnya data ranap dan data 					prestasi permainan). Kami tidak menggunakan data tersebut untuk mengetahui identiti atau maklumat hubungan 					sebenar seseorang, tetapi kebanyakannya untuk pemahaman yang lebih baik mengenai cara pengguna kami biasa 					menggunakan dan terlibat dengan Perkhidmatan kami. Penggunaan data teknikal dan peranti tersebut juga membantu 					kami dan rakan kongsi kami untuk menyampaikan iklan dan kandungan berdasarkan minat yang lebih berkesan, untuk 					mengoptimumkan pengurusan iklan dan pengalaman menonton pengguna kami), serta mempertingkatkan keseluruhan 					prestasi dan pengalaman pengguna Perkhidmatan kami. Untuk maklumat lebih lanjut mengenai penggunaan iklan kami, 					sila lihat Bahagian 8 di bawah.
Data yang diterima dari anda:Anda boleh memberi kami Data Peribadi secara sukarela, 					contohnya ketika anda membuka sebuah akaun dengan kami, menghubungi kami (melalui Facebook, Messenger, e-mel, 					perbualan dalam permainan atau saluran lain, termasuk perkhidmatan sokongan), ketika anda membuat siaran di 					forum atau kumpulan umum kami, ketika anda memberikan kami alamat e-mel anda (contohnya ketika anda mendaftar 					untuk menerima kemaskini atau hadiah e-mel), ketika anda menyertai pertandingan, peraduan, kejohanan, apabila 					andamelakukan pembelian dalam mana-mana Permainan kami, ketika anda berinteraksi dengan pengguna lain melalui 					perbualan dalam permainan atau apabila anda memilih untuk menyambungkan akaun Facebook, Google, Apple atau 					akaun-akaun yang seumpamnya ke mana-mana Permainan kami.
Data yang diterima dari Facebook dan saluran lain:Sebaik sahaja anda menyambungkan 					Permainan ke akaun Facebook, Apple atau akaun-akaun yang seumpamanya, kami akan menerima akses kepada profil 					awam anda, termasuk (sejauh mana anda tetapkan sebagai "awam"), yang berkaitan, nama penuh anda, (alamat e-mel 					yang diberikan kepada Facebook, Google atau Apple), jantina, gambar profil atau gambar yang serupa, lokasi, zon 					waktu, dan senarai rakan anda yang bermain Permainan (serta gambar dan maklumat profil peribadi mereka yang 					lain). Ini juga akan membolehkan kami membentangkan gambar profil awam anda dan rakan anda di dalam Permainan 					dan mencipta senarai rakan dalam permainan anda. Selain itu, kami atau rakan pengiklanan kami mungkin menerima 					maklumat umum mengenai prestasi kempen iklan kami dari Facebook dan saluran pemasaran kami yang lain, contohnya 					kumpulan usia atau minat yang disasarkan, dan kami atau rakan kami mungkin dapat menghubungkan data umum 					tersebut ke sebarang data lain yang kami miliki. Untuk mengetahui lebih lanjut mengenai amalan periklanan kami, 					sila rujuk Bahagian 8 di bawah).Sekiranya anda mengakses Perkhidmatan kami melalui pihak ketiga seperti 					Facebook, Google atau Apple atau menyambungkan Perkhidmatan kami ke mana-mana akaun pihak ketiga, anda juga 					harus membaca terma dan syarat serta dasar-dasar privasi mereka. Sekiranya anda tidak jelas mengenai jenis 					maklumat yang dikongsikan oleh aplikasi pihak ketiga kepada kami, sila layari laman web aplikasi pihak ketiga 					tersebut untuk mengetahui lebih lanjut mengenai amalan privasi mereka.
Data Transaksi:Pembelian dalam Permainan biasanya akan diproses oleh penyedia platform 					yang berkaitan (cth. Apple, Google atau Facebook), dan kami tidak akan mengumpulkan atau menyimpan data kewangan 					anda, cth. nombor kad kredit atau akaun bank anda. Walau bagaimanapun, kami mungkin masih menerima Data Peribadi 					bukan kewangan anda yang berkaitan dengan pembelian, seperti nama, alamat pembilan, alamat e-mel dan barangan 					yang dibeli, untuk memenuhi pembelian anda dan untuk tujuan perakaunan kami.

 2. Penggunaan Data
Dasar perundangan kami untuk mengumpulkan dan menggunakan Data Peribadi anda akan bergantung kepada tujuan tertentu 				di mana data anda diproses, namun secara umumnya kami menggunakan yang berikut:

Prestasi kontrak. Kami akan menggunakan dasar ini untuk memproses perkara yang perlu untuk menjadikan Permainan, 					termasuk permainan sosial apabila anda memilih untuk daftar masuk dengan Facebook, Google atau Apple, dan 					perkhidmatan sokongan, tersedia untuk anda, serta untuk menghantar komunikasi perkhidmatan, hadiah dan ganjaran 					kepada anda.
Persetujuan. Dalam kes terhad (di mana anda memilih untuk mendaftar bagi menerima e-mel pemasaran langsung, di 					mana anda menerima kuki di Laman-Laman kami) kami akan memproses Data Peribadi anda berdasarkan persetujuan 					anda.  Anda boleh menarik balik persetujuan anda pada bila-bila masa dengan menghubungi kami melalui 					maklumat dalam Bahagian 13.
Kepentingan sah. Kami akan memproses Data Peribadi anda berdasarkan kepentingan sah kami dalam menjaga dan 					mempertingkatkan penawaran Perkhidmatan kami, memahami cara Perkhidmatan kami digunakan, menayangkan iklan yang 					berkesan dalam Permainan kami dan melalui saluran lain, memadankan pengguna untuk mencipta senarai rakan dalam 					permainan, mempertingkatkan perkhidmatan pelanggan, operasi sokongan dan pengesanan fraud kami, serta melindungi 					dan menyelamatkan pengguna, diri kami sendiri dan Perkhidmatan kami.
Pematuhan dengan kewajiban perundangan. Dalam kes terhad, kami mungkin memproses Data Peribadi anda di mana kami 					perlu melakukannya untuk mematuhi kewajiban undang-undang, cth. yang dinyatakan dalam undang-undang yang 					berkaitan, atau sekiranya kami menerima perintah dari mahkamah atau badan pemantauan.

Tujuan kami menggunakan Data Peribadi dijelaskan dengan lebih terperinci di bawah:

Untuk memudahkan, mengendalikan, dan menyediakan Perkhidmatan kami;
Untuk mengesahkan identiti pemain kami, dan membenarkan mereka mengakses ciri tambahan;
Untuk menyediakan perkhidmatan pelanggan, bantuan dan sokongan teknikal kepada pengguna kami;
Untuk membolehkan anda berinteraksi dengan pemain lain dalam permainan;
Untuk mengembangkan, suaikan dan mempertingkatkan Perkhidmatan dan pengalaman pengguna anda dengan lebih lanjut, 					berdasarkan pilihan, pengalaman dan kesukaran umum atau peribadi; termasuk memperibadikan profil dan senarai 					rakan anda;
Untuk menguruskan dan menyampaikan iklan dengan lebih berkesan, termasuk iklan kontekstual, tingkah laku dan 					berasaskan minat berdasarkan kemajuan dan aktiviti dalam Permainan, berdasarkan pilihan anda atau data lain yang 					tersedia kepada kami atau Penyedia Perkhidmatan kami, termasuk untuk tujuan pensasaran semula;
Untuk menghubungi pengguna kami (melalui e-mel, Facebook, pemberitahuan tolak atau saluran lain yang tersedia) 					dengan mesej yang berkaitan dengan perkhidmatan umum atau diperibadikan (seperti pengesahan pembelian atau 					pemberitahuan penyelenggaraan sistem); untuk menghubungi pengguna kami dengan mesej promosi (seperti kemaskini 					Permainan, bonus, ciri baru, perkhidmatan VIP, dll.); serta untuk memudahkan, menaja dan menawarkan acara dan 					promosi tertentu;
Untuk menyokong dan mempertingkatkan langkah-langkah keselamatan data kami, termasuk untuk tujuan mencegah dan 					mengurangkan risiko penipuan, kesalahan atau mana-mana aktiviti haram atau terlarang;
Untuk mencipta data statistik agregat, data bukan peribadi yang disimpulkan atau data tanpa nama atau nama 					samaran (dianggap bukan peribadi), yang mungkin kami atau Penyedia Perkhidmatan kami gunakan untuk menyediakan 					dan mempertingkatkan perkhidmatan masing-masing; dan
Untuk mematuhi undang-undang dan peraturan yang berkaitan.

 3. Storan dan Pengekalan
Walaupun undang-undang privasi mungkin berbeza antara bidang kuasa, Moon Active telah mengambil langkah yang wajar 				untuk memastikan bahawa Data Peribadi anda diperlakukan oleh sekutu dan Penyedia Perkhidmatan dengan cara yang 				selamat dan sah, serta sesuai dengan amalan industri yang biasa, terlepas dari keperluan perundangan lebih rendah 				yang mungkin digunapakai dalam bidang kuasa mereka. 
Kami menyimpan Data Peribadi anda untuk mengekalkan hubungan kita, serta untuk menyediakan Perkhidmatan kami kepada 				anda. Kami akan mengekalkan Data Peribadi anda hanya selama yang diperlukan untuk memenuhi tujuan kami mengumpulnya.
				Dalam erti kata lain, kami akan menyimpan Data Peribadi anda selama anda kekal sebagai pengguna kami dan tidak 				memberitahu kami sebaliknya. Kami akan mengambil langkah yang munasabah untuk memadakan Data Peribadi anda sekiranya 				anda memadamkan akaun anda. Kami juga mungkin menyimpan Data Peribadi anda untuk tujuan perundangan dan perakaunan 				(contohnya, seperti yang diperlukan oleh undang-undang yang digunapakai untuk catatan dan penyimpanan akaun, serta 				untuk memiliki bukti dan fakta mengenai hubungan kami, sekiranya terdapat masalah undang-undang yang timbul 				berikutan penghentian penggunaan anda), yang selaras dengan Dasar Penyimpanan Data kami. Sekiranya anda mempunyai 				sebarang soalan mengenai Dasar Penyimpanan Data kami, sila hubungi kami di https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/ms.
Sila ambil perhatian bahawa kecuali seperti yang diperlukan oleh undang-undang yang diguna pakai, kami tidak akan 				diwajibkan untuk menyimpan data anda untuk jangka waktu tertentu, dan bebas untuk memadamkannya dengan selamat atas 				apa sahaja alasan bila-bila sahaja, dengan atau tanpa pemberitahuan kepada anda.
Dalam sesetengah keadaan, kami mungkin menjadikan Data Peribadi anda tanpa nama supaya ia tidak lagi boleh dikaitkan 				dengan anda, dalam hal ini kami boleh menggunakan maklumat tersebut tanpa notis lanjut kepada anda dan ia tidak lagi 				dianggap sebagai Data Peribadi dalam pengertian Dasar Privasi ini.
 4. Pemadaman Data Peribadi dan Penutupan 					Akaun
Sebagai tambahan kepada mana-mana hak lain yang ditetapkan dalam Dasar Privasi ini (kecuali seperti yang dinyatakan 				dalam Lampiran Privasi Calon), anda pada bila-bila masa boleh mengarahkan Moon Active memadamkan Data Peribadi anda 				dengan mengakses butang "Pemadaman Akaun" dalam Permainan yang berkenaan dan mengikuti arahan. Pemilihan pilihan ini 				akan mengakibatkan penutupan Akaun anda dan pemadaman semua sejarah permainan anda, maklumat pembelian, log masuk 				media sosial dan maklumat lain yang berkaitan dengan anda berhubungan dengan Permainan. Pemadaman tidak dapat 				dipulihkan. Jika anda mengekalkan Akaun dengan berbilang Permainan, anda harus membuat permintaan penutupan untuk 				setiap satu.
Setelah menerima permintaan anda, kami akan mematuhi dengan segera tetapi sila berikan sedikit masa untuk 				pemprosesan. Kami juga berhak untuk menyimpan salinan mana-mana Data Peribadi yang kami perlu kekalkan sepertimana 				yang dikehendaki oleh undang-undang yang berkenaan.
 5. Perkongsian Data
Kami mungkin berkongsi Data Peribadi anda dengan pihak ketiga tertentu, termasuk agensi penguatkuasaan undang-undang, 				Penyedia Perkhidmatan kami dan sekutu kami.  Keadaan di mana kami berkongsi data diringkaskan di bawah:

Pematuhan dengan Undang-Undang, Perintah Perundangan dan Pihak Berkuasa: Kami mungkin mendedahkan 					atau mengizinkan pegawai kerajaan dan penguatkuasa perundangan mengakses Data Peribadi tertentu, sebagai respons 					kepada panggilan, surat perintah penggeledahan atau perintah mahkamah (atau keperluan serupa), atau mematuhi 					undang-undang dan peraturan yang digunapakai, termasuk untuk tujuan keselamatan nasional. Pendedahan atau akses 					sebegitu mungkin berlaku dengan atau tanpa pemberitahuan kepada anda, jika kami memiliki kepercayaan yang baik 					bahawa kami secara harus melakukannya dari segi undang-undang, atau pendedahan itu sesuai dengan usaha untuk 					menyiasat, mencegah, atau mengambil tindakan mengenai aktiviti haram, penipuan, atau kesalahan lain yang 					sebenarnya atau yang disyaki.
Penyedia Perkhidmatan: Kami mungkin melibatkan syarikat, kontraktor dan individu 					pihak ketiga terpilih untuk melakukan perkhidmatan yang melengkapi perkhidmatan kami sendiri (contohnya 					perkhidmatan pengacara, perkhidmatan analisa data, agensi pemasaran dan perkhidmatan serta alat pengiklanan, 					perkhidmatan keselamatan data dan siber, perkhidmatan pengesanan dan pencegahan penipuan, perkhidmatan 					pemprosesan pembayaran, rakan-rakan sokongan pelanggan, moderator luaran dan penguji, perkhidmatan keterlibatan 					pengguna, perkhidmatan pengedaran dan pemantauan e-mel, rakaman sesi, serta penasihat pematuhan perniagaan, 					undang-undang, kewangan dan pematuhan kami) (secara kolektif, "Penyedia Perkhidmatan").
					Penyedia Perkhidmatan ini mungkin memiliki akses kepada Data Peribadi anda, bergantung kepada peranan dan tujuan 					khusus mereka masing-masing dalam membantu dan melengkapkan Perkhidmatan kami, dan hanya boleh memproses Data 					Peribadi anda untuk tujuan yang telah kami arahkan kepada mereka. Kami juga mungkin berkongsi maklumat tanpa 					nama, statistik atau agregat dengan Penyedia Perkhidmatan kami untuk tujuan perniagaan yang sah.
Integrasi Pihak Ketiga: Perkhidmatan ini membolehkan anda berintegrasi dengan 					perkhidmatan pihak ketiga tertentu, seperti untuk menyambungkan akaun Facebook, Google atau Apple anda ke 					Permainan tertentu, Log masuk dengan Google, Facebook atau daftar masuk dengan Apple atau melakukan pembelian, 					dalam hal ini anda akan terikat dengan terma dan syarat serta pemberitahuan privasi pihak ketiga tersebut 					(contohnya, Apple, Google atau Facebook) - jadi pastikan anda membaca dan menerimanya terlebih dahulu. Kami 					tidak menerima atau menyimpan kata laluan anda untuk perkhidmatan pihak ketiga ini.
Melindungi Hak dan Keselamatan: Kami mungkin berkongsi Data Peribadi anda dengan orang lain, 					dengan atau tanpa pemberitahuan kepada anda, jika kami percaya dengan niat baik bahawa ini akan membantu 					melindungi hak, harta benda atau keselamatan peribadi Moon Active, mana-mana pengguna kami atau mana-mana 					anggota masyarakat umum.
Anak Syarikat dan Syarikat Sekutu Moon Active: Kami mungkin berkongsi Data Peribadi secara dalaman 					dalam keluarga syarikat kami, untuk tujuan yang dijelaskan dalam Dasar Privasi ini. Di samping itu, sekiranya 					Moon Active atau mana-mana sekutunya mengalami perubahan dari segi kawalan, termasuk melalui penggabungan, 					pemerolehan atau pembelian sebahagian besar asetnya, Data Peribadi anda mungkin akan dikongsi dengan pihak-pihak 					yang terlibat dalam peristiwa tersebut. Sekiranya kami percaya bahawa perubahan kawalan tersebut mungkin 					mempengaruhi Data Peribadi anda yang disimpan dengan kami, kami akan memberitahu anda mengenai peristiwa ini dan 					pilihan yang mungkin anda miliki melalui e-mel dan / atau pemberitahuan yang jelas mengenai Perkhidmatan kami.
				

Untuk mengelakkan keraguan, Moon Active mungkin berkongsi Data Peribadi anda dalam cara tambahan, berdasarkan 				persetujuan eksplisit anda, atau jika kami diwajibkan secara sah untuk melakukannya, atau jika kami berjaya 				menjadikan data tersebut tidak bersifat peribadi dan tanpa nama. Kami mungkin memindahkan, berkongsi atau 				menggunakan data bukan peribadi mengikut budi bicara kami dan tanpa memerlukan kelulusan lebih lanjut.
 6. Komunikasi

Komunikasi Perkhidmatan: Kami mungkin menghubungi anda dengan maklumat penting mengenai Perkhidmatan 					kami. Sebagai contoh, kami mungkin memberitahu anda (melalui salah satu cara yang tersedia kepada kami) mengenai 					perubahan atau kemas kini kepada Perkhidmatan kami, masalah pembilan, dll. Anda tidak akan boleh memilih untuk 					tidak menerima komunikasi perkhidmatan tersebut.
Komunikasi Promosi: Jika anda telah mendaftar untuk menerima komunikasi tersebut dari kami, kami 					juga dapat memberitahu anda mengenai perkhidmatan, acara dan peluang istimewa yang baru atau maklumat lain yang 					kami anggap berharga kepada anda. Kami mungkin menyediakan pemberitahuan tersebut melalui salah satu cara 					hubungan yang tersedia untuk kami (cth. telefon, telefon bimbit atau e-mel), melalui Perkhidmatan, atau melalui 					kempen pemasaran kami di laman web atau platform lain.

Anda berhak untuk menarik balik persetujuan anda untuk menerima komunikasi promosi tersebut pada bila-bila 				masa. Anda boleh melakukannya dengan menghubungi kami di https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/ms  atau 				dengan mengikuti "nyahlanggan", "berhenti" atau "tukar pilihan e-mel" dalam komunikasi promosi yang anda terima.
7. Sekuriti Data
Untuk melindungi Data Peribadi anda yang dimiliki oleh kami dan Penyedia Perkhidmatan kami, kami menggunakan 				langkah-langkah keselamatan fizikal, prosedur dan elektronik bersesuaian, termasuk penyulitan yang difikirkan 				sesuai. Namun, harap maklum bahawa tanpa mengira langkah-langkah keselamatan yang digunakan, kami tidak dapat dan 				tidak menjamin perlindungan mutlak dan keselamatan apa jua Data Peribadi yang disimpan dengan kami atau dengan 				mana-mana pihak ketiga. Jika anda menemui sebarang isu keselamatan atau kelemahan yang berkaitan dengan 				Perkhidmatan, anda harus menghantar e-mel ke: info@moonactive.com.
8. Kuki dan Teknologi Penjejakan 
Perkhidmatan kami dan beberapa Penyedia Perkhidmatan kami menggunakan "kuki", penjejak tanpa nama dan teknologi 				penjejakan lain (secara kolektif, " Teknologi Penjejakan") yang membantu kami menyediakan dan 				mempertingkatkan Perkhidmatan kami, memperibadikan pengalaman anda dan memantau prestasi aktiviti dan kempen kami, 				serta penggunaan Aplikasi, Permainan dan Perkhidmatan kami secara keseluruhan. Untuk ketahui lebih lanjut, sila 				kunjungi Dasar Kuki kami.
9. Pengiklanan 
Permainan kami merangkumi iklan untuk perkhidmatan dan produk pihak ketiga. Kami dan rakan pengiklanan kami 				menggunakan data tertentu mengenai anda untuk mempertingkatkan amalan pengiklanan kami dan menjadikan iklan yang 				kami sampaikan lebih berkesan, relevan dan seronok, termasuk dengan menyediakan iklan berasaskan minat, serta sistem 				pengukuran dan atribusi iklan dan penyasaran.
Data tersebut merangkumi pengenalpasti pengiklanan peranti anda (contohnya IDFA atau ID Iklan), setakat mana 				tersedia), data yang berkaitan dengan profil Facebook, Google atau Apple anda yang disambung (jika ada, seperti 				jantina, wilayah atau negara anda), kandungan permainan, ID dalam permainan pengguna, data interaksi produk serta 				maklumat demografi dan berasaskan minat lain yang mungkin kami atau rakan periklanan kami terima dari atau mengenai 				anda, berdasarkan persetujuan anda atau dasar perundangan lain (cth., seperti yang diperlukan untuk menyediakan anda 				dengan perkhidmatan masing-masing kami, atau berdasarkan kepentingan sah yang kami terangkan di atas).
Iklan yang mana kami atau rakan pengiklanan kami sampaikan mungkin dipaparkan dalam Permainan kami, Perkhidmatan 				kami, atau melalui saluran lain, seperti laman web dan aplikasi pihak ketiga.
Dasar Privasi ini tidak digunapakai untuk amalan syarikat yang tidak kami miliki atau kendalikan atau pekerja atau 				penyedia perkhidmatan yang tidak kami uruskan. Apa-apa maklumat yang anda berikan kepada laman web, aplikasi atau 				perkhidmatan yang diiklankan melalui Perkhidmatan kami akan dilindungi oleh dasar privasi mereka  yang diguna 				pakai seperti dinyatakan di dalamnya. Pastikan anda membaca dasar privasi aplikasi, perkhidmatan dan laman pihak 				ketiga yang anda kunjungi atau berikan kebenaran untuk mengakses maklumat anda. Adalah menjadi tanggungjawab pihak 				ketiga untuk melindungi mana-mana maklumat yang anda berikan kepada mereka, jadi kami tidak akan bertanggungjawab ke 				atas penggunaan maklumat pengenalan diri anda oleh mereka. Untuk ketahui lebih lanjut, sila kunjungi Dasar Kuki kami.

Cara untuk suaikan pilihan anda mengenai iklan berdasarkan minatSekiranya anda ingin mengelakkan 					penggunaan ID iklan peranti anda atau pengenalpasti lain untuk iklan berdasarkan minat, anda boleh mengubah 					tetapan peranti anda untuk menetapkan semula ID iklan tersebut atau memilih untuk tidak ikut serta iklan 					tersebut (biasanya, ini tersedia di bawah "Privasi" atau bahagian "Iklan" dalam tetapan peranti anda). Sekiranya 					anda tinggal di AS, Kanada atau Eropah, anda juga boleh memilih untuk tidak ikut serta dalam pengumpulan data 					anda oleh rakan pengiklanan kami yang mengambil bahagian dalam Perikatan Pengiklanan Digital, dengan melayari 					www.aboutads.info/choices (untuk pengguna AS), www.youradchoices.ca/choices (untuk pengguna Kanada), www.youronlinechoices.eu (untuk pengguna Eropah).Sila ambil perhatian 					bahawa sekiranya anda menetapkan semula ID iklan anda atau memilih untuk tidak ikut serta iklan berdasarkan 					minat, anda masih boleh melihat iklan dalam Permainan kami, atau di saluran lain, tetapi iklan tersebut tidak 					akan disasarkan berdasarkan pengenalpasti yang disebutkan di atas. Sebagai contoh, iklan tersebut mungkin 					berdasarkan konteks, seperti kemajuan dan tindakan anda dalam Permainan, atau pilihan bahasa anda. Sila ambil 					perhatian bahawa tindakan tersebut boleh menghasilkan pengalaman pengguna yang kurang menyenangkan.
Maklumat agregat dan analitikalKami menggunakan peralatan analisa biasa Google Analytics dan kami 					mungkin menggunakan peralatan analisa lain, dari semasa ke semasa. Amalan privasi peralatan ini tertakluk kepada 					dasar privasi mereka sendiri. Untuk ketahui lebih lanjut sila kunjungi Dasar Kuki kami.
 Produk GoogleGoogle menggunakan teknologi seperti kuki untuk mengesan dan menganalisa penggunaan 					Laman Web kami dan/atau SDK untuk menayangkan iklan dalam Permainan kami. Untuk mengetahui lebih lanjut mengenai 					cara Google memproses data, kami mengesyorkan agar anda menyemak dasar Google yang terdapat di:
					https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites. Untuk maklumat tambahan, sila lihat peralatan web tidak 					ikut serta Google Analytics yang terdapat di: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. Untuk maklumat tambahan 					mengenai data yang mana diproses dan disimpan oleh Google SDK, lihat:
					https://support.google.com/admob/answer/7665968

 10. Hak Subjek Data – Kawasan Ekonomi Eropah, Switzerland dan United 					Kingdom
Jika anda merupakan penduduk Kawasan Ekonomi Eropah (EEA), Switzerland atau United Kingdom (UK) yang kami memproses 				Data Peribadi, anda mempunyai hak untuk:

Memohon akses kepada Data Peribadi anda (biasanya dikenali sebagai "permintaan akses subjek 					data"). Ini membolehkan anda menerima salinan Data Peribadi yang kami simpan tentang anda dan untuk memastikan 					bahawa kami memprosesnya secara sah.
Memohon pembetulan Data Peribadi anda yang kami simpan tentang anda. Ini membolehkan anda 					membetulkan sebarang maklumat yang tidak lengkap atau tidak tepat yang kami pegang tentang anda.
Memohon pemadaman Data Peribadi anda. Ini membolehkan anda meminta kami memadam atau membuang 					Data Peribadi jika tiada alasan yang kukuh untuk kami terus memprosesnya. Anda juga mempunyai hak untuk meminta 					kami memadam atau membuang keluar Data Peribadi anda yang mana anda telah menggunakan hak anda untuk membantah 					pemprosesan (lihat di bawah).
Membantah pemprosesan Data Peribadi anda yan mana kami bergantung pada kepentingan yang sah 					(atau kepentingan pihak ketiga) dan terdapat sesuatu tentang situasi tertentu anda yang membuatkan anda ingin 					membantah pemprosesan atas alasan ini. Anda juga mempunyai hak untuk membantah yang mana kami memproses Data 					Peribadi anda untuk tujuan pemasaran langsung.
Memohon sekatan pemprosesan Data Peribadi anda. Ini membolehkan anda meminta kami menangguhkan 					pemprosesan Data Peribadi tentang anda, contohnya jika anda mahu kami memastikan ketepatannya atau sebab untuk 					memprosesnya.
Memohon pemindahan Data Peribadi anda kepada pihak lain.
Lazimnya, tiada yuran dikenakan.Anda tidak perlu membayar yuran untuk mengakses Data 					Peribadi anda (atau untuk menggunakan mana-mana hak lain). Walau bagaimanapun, kami mungkin mengenakan bayaran 					yang berpatutan jika permintaan akses anda jelas tidak berasas atau berlebihan. Sebagai alternatif, kami mungkin 					menolak untuk mematuhi permintaan dalam keadaan sedemikian.
Apa yang kami mungkin perlukan daripada anda.Kami mungkin perlu meminta maklumat khusus 					daripada anda untuk membantu kami mengesahkan identiti anda dan memastikan hak anda untuk mengakses maklumat 					tersebut (atau menggunakan mana-mana hak anda yang lain). Ini adalah satu lagi langkah keselamatan yang 					sewajarnya untuk memastikan Data Peribadi tidak didedahkan kepada mana-mana orang yang tidak berhak menerimanya.
				
Hak untuk Menarik Balik Persetujuan.

Dalam keadaan terhad di mana anda mungkin telah memberikan persetujuan anda untuk pengumpulan, pemprosesan dan 				pemindahan Data Peribadi anda untuk tujuan tertentu, anda mempunyai hak untuk menarik balik persetujuan anda untuk 				pemprosesan khusus itu pada bila-bila masa. Untuk menarik balik persetujuan anda, sila hubungi info@moonactive.com.
				Sebaik sahaja kami menerima pemberitahuan bahawa anda telah menarik balik kebenaran anda, kami tidak lagi akan 				memproses maklumat anda untuk tujuan atau tujuan-tujuan yang anda persetujui pada asalnya, melainkan kami mempunyai 				asas lain yang sah dari segi undang-undang untuk berbuat demikian.
Sekiranya anda ingin menggunakan hak anda berdasarkan undang-undang yang diguna pakai (cth. Undang-Undang 				Perlindungan Data Umum (GDPR) atau GDPR UK), sila hubungi kami di sini.
Sekiranya anda bermastautin di EEA atau UK, anda boleh juga menghubungi wakil EEA atau UK kami di dpr@moonactive.com.
Sekiranya anda ingin menguruskan maklumat yang kami terima mengenai anda dari aplikasi atau platform pihak ketiga di 				mana anda bermain Permainan kami, seperti Facebook, Apple atau Google, ikuti arahan aplikasi pihak ketiga untuk 				mengemas kini maklumat anda dan mengubah tetapan privasi anda.
Anda berhak untuk mengajukan aduan kepada pihak berkuasa penyeliaan perlindungan data. Untuk pemastautin EEA, anda 				boleh mendapatkan maklumat mengenai pihak berkuasa penyeliaan kebangsaan anda melalui pautan ini https://edpb.europa.eu/about-epdb/board/members_en.
				Pemastautin UK boleh menghubungi Pejabat Suruhanjaya Maklumat di: https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
11. Pemindahan Data
Data Peribadi anda mungkin diselenggara, diproses, diakses dan disimpan oleh Moon Active dan sekutu kami yang sah, 				Penyedia Perkhidmatan dan rakan niaga di dalam dan dari Amerika Syarikat serta bidang kuasa lain, jika perlu untuk 				penyampaian Perkhidmatan kami dengan betul, atau sebagaimana mungkin yang dikehendaki oleh undang-undang. Moon 				Active Ltd. berasaskan kepada bidang kuasa yang dianggap oleh pihak berkuasa UK dan Suruhanjaya Eropah sebagai 				menawarkan tahap perlindungan yang memadai untuk Data Peribadi penduduk EEA dan UK.
Kami mungkin memindahkan Data Peribadi yang kami kumpul tentang anda ke negara-negara di luar EEA, Switzerland atau 				UK untuk melaksanakan kontrak kami dengan anda. Untuk memastikan Data Peribadi anda menerima tahap perlindungan yang 				mencukupi, kami telah melaksanakan langkah-langkah berikut untuk memastikan Data Peribadi anda dikendalikan oleh 				pihak ketiga tersebut dengan cara yang selaras dengan dan yang menghormati undang-undang data perlindungan EU dan 				UK: Klausa Kontrak Standard dan negara yang menjadi subjek penentuan kecukupan EU. Jika anda memerlukan maklumat 				lanjut tentang langkah perlindungan, anda boleh menghubungi kami menggunakan butiran dalam Bahagian 13.
 12. Kelayakan Umur
Permainan-permainan yang berikut tersedia untuk individu yang berumur 16 tahun ke atas: “My café:
				Recipes and stories”, “Toy Defense”, “Toy Defense 2”, “Toy 				Defense: Fantasy”, “FishNow.io”, “Kitchen Stars”, “Family 				Island”, “My Pizza Restaurant”, “Zen Match”, “Travel Town”.
Semua Permainan dan Perkhidmatan hanya tersedia untuk individu yang berumur lebih dari lapan belas (18) 				tahun atau usia majoriti sah dalam bidang kuasa anda.
Kami berhak untuk meminta bukti usia atau kebenaran ibu bapa pada mana-mana tahap. Kami mungkin menyekat 				Pengguna yang kami syaki berada di bawah usia yang dibenarkan. Kami tidak sengaja mengumpulkan Data Peribadi 				dari orang bawah umur dan tidak ingin melakukannya. Sekiranya kami mengetahui bahawa orang bawah umur menggunakan 				Perkhidmatan atau bermain mana-mana Permainan kami, kami mungkin melarang dan menyekat penggunaan tersebut dan akan 				melakukan sepenuh usaha untuk segera menghapus Data Peribadi yang disimpan dengan kami berkenaan dengan orang bawah 				umur tersebut.
Sekiranya anda percaya bahawa kami mungkin mempunyai data tersebut, sila hubungi kami di https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/ms.
 13. Pindaan dan Versi Kawalan
Kami mungkin mengemas kini dan meminda Dasar Privasi ini dari semasa ke semasa dengan menyiarkan versi yang dipinda 				pada Perkhidmatan kami. Versi yang dipinda akan berkuatkuasa pada tarikh kuatkuasa yang diterbitkan. Kami akan 				menyediakan notis awal sekiranya terdapat perubahan besar, melalui kaedah komunikasi yang tersedia kepada kami, atau 				pada Perkhidmatan. Selepas tempoh notis ini, semua pindaan akan dianggap diterima oleh anda. Sekiranya anda tidak 				bersetuju untuk terikat dengan syarat-syarat Dasar Privasi yang baru atau diubah, anda diminta untuk berhenti 				menggunakan Perkhidmatan.
Dasar Privasi telah dirangka dalam bahasa Inggeris, yang merupakan versi asal dan mengawal dari Dasar Privasi ini.
				Semua terjemahan Dasar Privasi ini ke dalam bahasa lain adalah semata-mata untuk kemudahan dan tidak akan mengawal 				makna atau aplikasi Dasar Privasi ini. Sekiranya terdapat perbezaan antara makna mana-mana versi terjemahan dari 				Dasar Privasi dan versi Bahasa Inggeris, makna versi Bahasa Inggeris akan diguna pakai.
14. Hubungi Kami 
Sekiranya anda mempunyai komen atau pertanyaan mengenai Dasar Privasi ini atau jika anda mempunyai kebimbangan 				mengenai Privasi anda, atau untuk menghubungi Pengurus Perlindungan Data Moon Active, sila gunakan pautan di sini.
Sekiranya anda bermastautin di EU atau UK anda boleh juga menghubungi wakil EU atau UK kami di 				dpr@moonactive.com.
 
 
LAMPIRAN A
Lampiran Privasi Calon
Moon Active komited untuk melindungi privasi dan keselamatan Data Peribadi anda. Lampiran Privasi Calon ini 				menerangkan cara kami mengumpul dan menggunakan Data Peribadi tentang anda sebelum hubungan kerja anda dengan kami, 				mengikut perundangan perlindungan data yang berkenaan. Ia terpakai kepada semua calon untuk jawatan sebagai 				kakitangan, pekerja atau kontraktor.
Lampiran Privasi Calon ini terpakai kepada calon yang memohon pekerjaan dan peranan kontraktor dengan Moon Active.
				Lampiran Privasi Calon ini tidak menjadi sebahagian daripada mana-mana kontrak pekerjaan atau kontrak lain untuk 				menyediakan perkhidmatan. Kami boleh mengemas kini notis ini pada bila-bila masa.
Adalah penting untuk anda membaca Lampiran Privasi Calon ini bersama-sama Dasar Privasi kami dan sebarang notis 				privasi lain yang kami mungkin berikan kepada anda pada keadaan tertentu apabila kami mengumpul atau memproses Data 				Peribadi tentang anda, supaya anda mengetahui bagaimana dan mengapa kami menggunakan maklumat sedemikian dan hak 				anda di bawah undang-undang perlindungan data yang berkenaan.
A. Prinsip Perlindungan Data:
Kami akan mematuhi undang-undang perlindungan data, yang menghendaki Data Peribadi yang kami pegang tentang anda:

Digunakan secara sah, adil dan telus;
Dikumpul hanya untuk tujuan sah yang telah kami terangkan dengan jelas kepada anda dan tidak digunakan dalam 					sebarang cara yang tidak sesuai dengan tujuan tersebut;
Relevan dengan tujuan yang telah kami beritahu kepada anda dan terhad kepada tujuan tersebut sahaja;
Tepat dan sentiasa dikemas kini;
Disimpan hanya selama yang diperlukan untuk tujuan yang telah kami beritahu kepada anda; dan
Disimpan dengan selamat.

 
B. Jenis Maklumat yang Kami Pegang Tentang Anda:
Data peribadi, atau Data Peribadi, bermaksud apa-apa maklumat tentang individu yang mana orang itu boleh dikenal 				pasti. Ia tidak termasuk data yang identiti telah dialih keluar (data tanpa nama). Terdapat "kategori khas" bagi 				data peribadi yang lebih sensitif yang memerlukan tahap perlindungan yang lebih tinggi, seperti maklumat tentang 				kesihatan atau orientasi seksual seseorang.
Kami mungkin mengumpul, menyimpan dan menggunakan kategori Data Peribadi berikut tentang anda

Butiran hubungan peribadi seperti nama, gelaran, alamat, nombor telefon dan alamat e-mel peribadi.
Tarikh lahir.
Jantina
Maklumat hubungan waris dan kecemasan.
Lokasi pekerjaan atau tempat kerja.
Maklumat pengambilan kerja (termasuk salinan dokumentasi hak untuk bekerja, rujukan dan maklumat lain yang 					disertakan dalam CV atau surat iringan atau sebagai sebahagian daripada proses permohonan).
Rekod pekerjaan (termasuk jawatan, sejarah kerja, waktu bekerja, cuti, rekod latihan dan keahlian profesional).
				
Sejarah pampasan.
Maklumat prestasi.
Maklumat tatatertib dan rungutan.
Rakaman CCTV dan maklumat lain yang diperoleh melalui cara elektronik seperti rekod kad leret semasa proses temu 					duga, jika berkenaan.
Gambar
Di United Kingdom, keputusan semakan status pekerjaan HMRC, butiran minat anda dan hubungan dengan perantara 					yang melaluinya perkhidmatan anda dibekalkan.

C. Bagaimana Maklumat Peribadi Anda Dikumpul? 
Kami mengumpul Data Peribadi tentang calon melalui proses permohonan dan pengambilan kerja, sama ada secara langsung 				daripada calon atau kadang kala daripada agensi pekerjaan. Kami kadang kala mungkin mengumpul maklumat tambahan 				daripada pihak ketiga, termasuk bekas majikan.
D. Bagaimana Kami Akan Menggunakan Maklumat Tentang Anda: 
Kami hanya akan menggunakan Data Peribadi anda apabila undang-undang membenarkan kami dan apabila kami mempunyai 				alasan yang sah untuk berbuat demikian. Selalunya, kami akan bergantung pada alasan yang sah berikut untuk memproses 				Data Peribadi anda:

Yang mana kami mendapat persetujuan anda untuk berbuat demikian (“Persetujuan”).
				
Yang mana kami perlu melaksanakan kontrak yang telah kami buat dengan anda atau mengambil langkah untuk membuat 					kontrak dengan (“Kontrak”).
Yang mana kami perlu mematuhi kewajipan undang-undang (“Kewajipan Undang-undang”).
				
Sekiranya perlu untuk kepentingan sah kami (atau pihak ketiga) dan kepentingan serta hak asasi anda tidak 					mengatasi kepentingan tersebut (“Kepentingan Sah”).

Sekiranya anda gagal memberikan maklumat tertentu apabila diminta, kami mungkin tidak dapat menilai kelayakan atau 				kesesuaian anda untuk jawatan terbuka, atau kami mungkin dihalang daripada mematuhi kewajipan undang-undang kami.
			
Kami hanya akan menggunakan Data Peribadi anda untuk tujuan kami mengumpulnya, melainkan kami secara munasabah 				menganggap bahawa kami perlu menggunakannya untuk sebab lain dan sebab itu sesuai dengan tujuan asal. Jika kami 				perlu menggunakan Data Peribadi anda untuk tujuan yang tidak berkaitan, kami akan memberitahu anda dan kami akan 				menerangkan asas undang-undang yang membolehkan kami berbuat demikian.
Sila ambil perhatian bahawa kami mungkin memproses Data Peribadi anda tanpa pengetahuan atau persetujuan anda, dengan 				mematuhi peraturan di atas, yang mana ini diperlukan atau dibenarkan oleh undang-undang.
Adalah penting bahawa Data Peribadi yang kami pegang tentang anda adalah tepat dan terkini. Sila maklumkan kepada 				kami tentang perubahan pada Data Peribadi anda semasa pencalonan anda.
E. Perkongsian Data:
Kami mungkin perlu berkongsi data anda dengan pihak ketiga, termasuk Penyedia Perkhidmatan pihak ketiga dan entiti 				lain di Moon Active.
Kami memerlukan pihak ketiga untuk menghormati keselamatan data anda dan memperlakukannya mengikut undang-undang.
Kami mungkin memindahkan Data Peribadi anda ke luar EU, dan sekiranya kami melakukannya, kami akan memastikan Data 				Peribadi anda dilindungi dengan secukupnya. Sila lihat bahagian 10 Dasar Privasi kami untuk maklumat lanjut.

Mengapa anda mungkin berkongsi Data Peribadi saya dengan pihak ketiga?Kami akan berkongsi Data 					Peribadi anda dengan pihak ketiga sekiranya dikehendaki oleh undang-undang, yang mana perlu untuk mentadbir 					hubungan kerja dengan anda atau yang mana kami mempunyai kepentingan sah lain untuk berbuat demikian.
Penyedia Perkhidmatan pihak ketiga mana yang memproses Data Peribadi saya?“Pihak 					ketiga” termasuk Penyedia Perkhidmatan pihak ketiga (termasuk kontraktor dan ejen yang ditetapkan).
					Penyedia Perkhidmatan berikut memproses Data Peribadi tentang anda untuk tujuan berikut:
					
Comeet – merekrut


Sejauh mana maklumat saya selamat dengan Penyedia Perkhidmatan dan entiti lain dalam kumpulan 						kami?Semua Penyedia Perkhidmatan kami dikehendaki mengambil langkah keselamatan yang sesuai untuk 					melindungi Data Peribadi anda selaras dengan dasar kami. Kami tidak membenarkan Penyedia Perkhidmatan kami 					menggunakan data peribadi anda untuk tujuan mereka sendiri. Kami membenarkan mereka memproses data peribadi anda 					untuk tujuan tertentu sahaja dan mengikut arahan kami.
Bagaimana dengan pihak ketiga yang lain?Kami mungkin perlu berkongsi Data Peribadi anda dengan 					pengawal selia atau selainnya mematuhi undang-undang.

F. Hak Akses, Pembetulan, Pemadaman dan Sekatan  
Sekiranya anda adalah penduduk EEA atau UK, dalam keadaan tertentu, anda berhak terhadap hak subjek data yang 				digariskan dalam Bahagian 9 Dasar Privasi kami. Sekiranya anda ingin menyemak, mengesahkan, membetulkan atau meminta 				pemadaman Data Peribadi anda, membantah pemprosesan data peribadi anda, atau meminta kami memindahkan salinan Data 				Peribadi anda kepada pihak lain, sila rujuk Bahagian 9 Dasar Privasi ini.
G. Pengekalan Data
Kami akan mengekalkan Data Peribadi anda hanya selama yang diperlukan untuk memenuhi tujuan kami mengumpulnya, 				termasuk untuk tujuan memenuhi sebarang keperluan undang-undang, perakaunan atau pelaporan mengikut undang-undang 				dan peraturan yang berkenaan. Untuk menentukan tempoh pengekalan yang sesuai untuk data peribadi, kami 				mempertimbangkan jumlah, sifat dan sensitiviti data peribadi, potensi risiko bahaya daripada penggunaan atau 				pendedahan data peribadi anda tanpa kebenaran, tujuan kami memproses data peribadi anda, sama ada kami boleh 				mencapai tujuan tersebut melalui cara lain, dan keperluan undang-undang yang berkenaan. Sebaik sahaja kami tidak 				lagi memerlukan data calon, kami akan mengekalkan dan memusnahkan Data Peribadi anda dengan selamat mengikut 				undang-undang dan peraturan yang berkenaan.
H. Hubungi Kami
Anda boleh menghubungi kami untuk sebarang pertanyaan atau kebimbangan menggunakan butiran dalam Bahagian 14 Dasar 				Privasi kami.




Политика конфиденциальности Moon Active
Последняя редакция: июнь 2023 г.
Компания Moon Active Ltd. вместе с ее филиалами и аффилированными лицами 				(далее — Moon Active, «мы», 				«наш» или «нас») разрабатывает и издает социальные игры 				для веб-среды и мобильной среды (далее — «Игры»), веб-приложения и мобильные 				приложения (именуемые в дальнейшем «Приложения»), а также обеспечивает функционирование 				указанных выше социальных игр и приложений на различных устройствах и платформах (например, на мобильных устройствах 				и в сети Facebook).
Мы также управляем веб-сайтами www.moonactive.com, 				www.melsoft-games.com, их субдоменами и связанными с ними функциональными возможностями, а также 				интернет‑магазином (далее именуются «Сайтами», а совместно с Играми и Приложением 				— «Сервисами»).
Moon Active соблюдает ваше право на неприкосновенность личной жизни и прилагает усилия к тому, чтобы сделать 				более прозрачными и справедливыми наши правила и процедуры в отношении ваших персональных данных. В настоящей 				Политике конфиденциальности содержится описание того, каким образом мы собираем, храним, используем и передаем ваши 				персональные данные, и она применяется всякий раз, когда вы посещаете наши Сайты, устанавливаете наше Приложение и 				играете в наши Игры, взаимодействуете с нами или иным образом получаете доступ к нашим Сервисам или пользуетесь 				нашими Сервисами.
Мы настоятельно рекомендуем вам ознакомиться с настоящей Политикой конфиденциальности и удостовериться, 				что полностью понимаете и принимаете ее. Если вы не согласны с настоящей Политикой 					конфиденциальности, прекратите использовать наши Сервисы. В соответствии с настоящей Политикой 					конфиденциальности вы имеете право в любое время прекратить пользование нашими Сервисами.
Moon Active является «контроллером данных». Это означает, что мы несем ответственность за принятие 				решений о том, как мы храним и используем Персональные данные о вас. В соответствии с определенным 				законодательством о защите данных мы обязаны уведомлять вас об информации, содержащейся в настоящей Политике 				конфиденциальности. Согласно закону вы не обязаны предоставлять нам Персональные данные, но без них мы не 				сможем предоставлять вам все наши Сервисы или обеспечивать для вас максимальное удобство при пользовании нашими 				Сервисами (например, вы сможете играть в наши Игры, не подключая свою учетную запись в Facebook, но не сможете 				пользоваться их социальными возможностями).

Сбор персональных данных
Использование персональных данных
Хранение персональных данных
Удаление персональных данных и закрытие учетных 						записей
Предоставление персональных данных третьим лицам
Обмен информацией и сообщениями
Безопасность персональных данных
Файлы cookie и Технологии отслеживания
Реклама
Права субъектов данных — Европейская экономическая зона, Швейцария и 						Великобритания
Передача данных
Несовершеннолетние
Поправки и контрольные версии
Наши контакты

1. Сбор данных
Мы осуществляем сбор персональных данных, относящихся к следующим четырем основным категориям (и в тех случаях, когда 				они могут позволить идентифицировать конкретное лицо или связаны с персональными данными, которые потенциально могут 				позволить идентифицировать конкретное лицо, мы будем рассматривать их в качестве 				«Персональных данных»).

Автоматически собираемые или генерируемые данныеКогда какие-либо лица посещают наши 					Сервисы, взаимодействуют с ними или пользуются ими, включая любые электронные письма или текстовые сообщения, 					отправленные указанным лицам нами или посредством наших Сервисов, мы можем собирать или генерировать технические 					данные в отношении таких лиц. Мы собираем или генерируем такие данные самостоятельно либо с помощью сторонних 					сервисов, в том числе с помощью файлов cookie и других технологий отслеживания (как подробно описано 					ниже).Это данные о подключении, технические или агрегированные данные о пользовании, такие как IP-адрес, 					внутриигровой идентификатор, игровая статистика, игровые предпочтения, уникальный рекламный идентификатор 					(например, IDFA; вы можете сбросить такой идентификатор на основе инструкций к операционной системе), не 					позволяющие идентифицировать конкретное лицо данные об устройстве, операционной системе, браузере или версии 					Приложения, операторе мобильной связи, региональные и языковые настройки, данные об активности пользователей в 					наших Сервисах, данные об активности в Приложении или Игре (например, взаимодействие с игровым 					контентом/продуктом и рекламные данные); диагностические данные (т. е. данные о сбоях и производительности 					игры). Мы не используем такие данные для установления реальной личности лица или его контактной информации 					— в основном мы используем их для лучшего понимания того, как наши пользователи чаще всего пользуются 					нашими Сервисами и взаимодействуют с ними. Использование таких технических данных и данных об устройствах также 					помогает нам и нашим партнерам предлагать рекламные объявления и контент, которые основаны на интересах 					пользователей или более эффективны в иных отношениях, оптимизировать наши рекламные процессы и удобство 					просмотра рекламы нашими пользователями, а также улучшать общую эффективность и удобство пользования нашими 					Сервисами. Для получения дополнительной информации об использовании нами рекламы перейдите в раздел 8 ниже.
Данные, полученные от васВы можете предоставить нам Персональные данные 					добровольно — например, когда вы создаете с нами учетную запись, когда связываетесь с нами (через 					Facebook, Messenger, электронную почту, внутриигровой чат или через любые другие каналы, включая службу 					поддержки), когда вы размещаете сообщения на наших публичных форумах или в наших публичных группах, когда вы 					предоставляете нам ваш адрес электронной почты (например, когда вы подписываетесь на получение информации по 					электронной почте или получение подарков), когда вы участвуете в конкурсах, соревнованиях, турнирах и других 					акциях, когда вы совершаете покупки в наших Играх, когда вы взаимодействуете с другими пользователями через 					внутриигровой чат, или когда вы подключаете свою учетную запись Facebook, Google, Apple или аналогичную учетную 					запись к нашим Играм.
Данные, полученные от Facebook и через другие каналыПосле подключения 					вами Игр к вашей учетной записи Facebook, Google, Apple или аналогичной учетной записи мы получаем доступ к 					вашему общедоступному профилю, в том числе (в тех случаях, когда вы сделали профиль 					«общедоступным»), в соответствующих случаях, ваше полное имя, адрес(-а) электронной почты, 					предоставленный(-ые) Facebook, Google или Apple, пол, фото профиля или аналогичное фото, местоположение, часовой 					пояс и список ваших друзей, играющих в Игры (вместе с их фотографиями и другой общедоступной информацией из 					профиля). Это также позволяет нам демонстрировать изображения вашего профиля и общедоступных профилей ваших 					друзей внутри Игр и создавать список ваших друзей в игре. Также мы или наши рекламные партнеры можем получать от 					Facebook и других наших маркетинговых каналов общую информацию об эффективности наших рекламных кампаний — 					например, о целевой возрастной группе или интересах, и мы или наши партнеры можем связать такие общие данные с 					любыми другими данными, которыми мы располагаем. Для получения дополнительной информации о нашей рекламной 					деятельности перейдите в раздел 8 ниже. Если вы получаете доступ к нашим Сервисам через третьих лиц, например, 					Facebook, Google или Apple, или подключаете наши Сервисы к учетной записи третьего лица, вам также следует 					ознакомиться с их условиями и политиками конфиденциальности. Если вы не понимаете до конца, какую информацию 					передает нам стороннее приложение, посетите веб-сайт такого стороннего приложения, где должна быть представлена 					дополнительная информация о правилах и процедурах такого приложения в отношении персональных данных.
Данные транзакцийВнутриигровые покупки обычно обрабатываются поставщиком соответствующей 					платформы (например, Apple, Google или Facebook), и мы не собираем и не храним вашу финансовую информацию, 					например, номер вашей кредитной карты или банковского счета. Тем не менее мы можем получать ваши Персональные 					данные, связанные с покупкой, но не являющиеся финансовыми, например, ваше имя, адрес для выставления счетов, 					адрес электронной почты и информацию о приобретенных вами предметах, в целях выполнения вашего заказа и в целях 					нашей бухгалтерской отчетности.

2. Использование персональных данных
Наши правовые основания для сбора и использования ваших Персональных данных зависят от конкретной цели, для которой 				обрабатываются ваши данные, однако мы обычно используем следующие основания:

Исполнение договора. Мы используем данное основание для обработки, необходимой для Игр, включая 					социальные игры, когда вы совершаете вход с помощью Facebook, Google или Apple, для поддержки доступных вам 					сервисов, а также для отправки вам сообщений, связанных с сервисами, подарков и наград.
Согласие. В ограниченных случаях (когда вы подписываетесь на получение рекламных электронных писем и 					соглашаетесь на принятие файлов cookie на наших Сайтах) мы обрабатываем ваши Персональные данные на основании 					вашего согласия. Вы можете в любое время отозвать свое согласие, связавшись с нами с использованием контактных 					данных, приведенных в разделе 14.
Законные интересы. Мы обрабатываем ваши Персональные данные на основании наших законных интересов, 					связанных с поддержанием работоспособности и улучшением наших Сервисов и предложений, изучением того, как 					используются наши Сервисы, предложением эффективной рекламы в наших Играх и через другие каналы, подбором 					пользователей для создания внутриигровых списков друзей, улучшением обслуживания клиентов и клиентской 					поддержки, а также выявлением случаев мошенничества и защитой и безопасностью наших пользователей, нас самих и 					наших Сервисов.
Выполнение юридического обязательства. В ограниченных случаях мы можем обрабатывать ваши Персональные 					данные, когда это необходимо для выполнения юридического обязательства, например, предусмотренного действующим 					законодательством, или для выполнения полученного нами распоряжения суда или регулирующего органа.

Цели, для которых мы используем Персональные данные, более подробно описаны ниже.

Для предоставления наших Сервисов, обеспечения возможности их использования и управления ими.
Для проверки личности наших игроков и предоставления им доступа к дополнительным функциям.
Для обслуживания наших пользователей и предоставления им технической поддержки.
Для обеспечения вашей возможности взаимодействовать с другими игроками в игре.
Для дальнейшего развития, адаптации и улучшения Сервисов и вашего пользовательского опыта на основе общих или 					личных предпочтений, опыта и испытываемых сложностей, в том числе путем персонализации вашего профиля и списка 					друзей.
Для более эффективного управления рекламой и ее показа, включая контекстную, поведенческую рекламу и рекламу, 					ориентированную на интересы пользователя и основанную на прогрессе и активности в Играх, ваших предпочтениях или 					на других данных, доступных нам или нашим поставщикам услуг, в том числе для целей повторного таргетинга.
Для связи с нашими пользователями (через электронную почту, Facebook, push‑уведомления или любые другие 					доступные каналы) посредством отправки общих или персонализированных сообщений, связанными с сервисами 					(например, сообщений о подтверждении покупок или уведомлений о техническом обслуживании системы); для отправки 					нашим пользователям рекламных сообщений (например, об обновлении Игр, бонусах, новых функциональных 					возможностях, VIP-услугах и т. д.); а также для продвижения, спонсирования и предложения определенных 					мероприятий и рекламных акций.
Для поддержания и укрепления наших мер в отношении безопасности данных, в том числе в целях предотвращения и 					снижения рисков мошенничества, ошибок или любой незаконной или запрещенной деятельности.
Для создания агрегированных статистических данных, выведенных данных, не являющихся персональными данными, или 					деперсонифицированных или обезличенных данных (переведенных в категорию данных, не являющихся персональными), 					которые мы и наши поставщики услуг можем (могут) использовать для предоставления и улучшения наших 					соответствующих услуг.
Для соблюдения действующего законодательства и правил.

3. Хранение персональных данных
Несмотря на то, что законодательство разных стран в сфере защиты персональных данных и неприкосновенности личной 				жизни может отличаться, Moon Active предприняты разумные меры для обеспечения того, чтобы ваши Персональные данные 				обрабатывались нашими аффилированными лицами и Поставщиками услуг безопасными и законными способами в соответствии с 				общепринятыми отраслевыми правилами и процедурами, даже если в их странах действуют менее строгие законодательные 				требования.
Мы храним ваши Персональные данные для поддержания наших отношений, а также для предоставления вам наших Сервисов. Мы 				будем хранить ваши Персональные данные только до тех пор, пока это необходимо для достижения целей, для которых мы 				их собрали. Иными словами, мы храним ваши Персональные данные до тех пор, пока вы остаетесь нашим пользователем и не 				уведомили нас об ином. При удалении вами своей учетной записи мы принимаем разумные меры для удаления ваших 				Персональных данных. Мы также можем хранить ваши Персональные данные в правовых целях и в целях ведения 				бухгалтерского учета (т. е. в соответствии с требованиями законодательства, распространяющегося на внутренний и 				бухгалтерский учет, а также для хранения материальных свидетельств, касающихся наших отношений, на случай 				возникновения правовых вопросов после прекращения пользования вами Сервисами) в соответствии с нашей Политикой 				хранения персональных данных. Если у вас есть вопросы в отношении нашей Политики хранения персональных данных, 				свяжитесь с нами по адресу https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/ru.
Обратите внимание, что за исключением случаев, предусмотренных действующим законодательством, мы не обязаны хранить 				ваши персональные данные в течение какого-либо определенного периода времени и можем в любой момент и по любой 				причине удалить их с соблюдением должных мер безопасности, уведомив либо не уведомив вас об этом.
В некоторых случаях мы можем анонимизировать ваши Персональные данные, чтобы они больше не могли быть связаны с вами, 				и в этом случае мы можем использовать такие данные без дополнительного уведомления, и они больше не считаются 				Персональными данными по смыслу настоящей Политики конфиденциальности.
4. Удаление Персональных данных и закрытие учетных 					записей
В дополнение к любым другим правам, изложенным в настоящей Политике конфиденциальности (за исключением тех, которые 				изложены в Дополнительном соглашении о конфиденциальности кандидата), вы в любое время можете дать указание Moon 				Active удалить ваши Персональные данные, нажав кнопку «Удаление учетной записи» в соответствующей Игре и 				следуя инструкциям. Выбор этого варианта приведет к закрытию вашей Учетной записи и удалению всей вашей игровой 				истории, информации о покупках, входа через соцсети и другой информации, связанной с вами и Игрой. Удаление 				необратимо. Если у вас есть Учетные записи в нескольких Играх, вам следует запросить закрытие каждой из них.
После получения вашего запроса мы незамедлительно выполним его, но для обработки потребуется некоторое время. Мы 				также оставляем за собой право сохранить копию любых Персональных данных, которые мы обязаны хранить в соответствии 				с применимым законодательством.
5. Предоставление персональных данных третьим лицам
Мы можем предоставлять ваши персональные данные определенным третьим лицам, включая правоохранительные органы, наших 				поставщиков услуг и аффилированных лиц. Обстоятельства, при которых мы предоставляем персональные данные, и 				получатели данных кратко описываются ниже.

Соблюдение законодательства, правовых предписаний и распоряжений органов власти. Мы можем 					раскрывать определенные Персональные данные и предоставлять доступ к определенным Персональным данным органам 					власти и правоохранительным органам на основании судебных повесток, ордеров на обыск или судебных постановлений 					(или на основании аналогичных документов), а также на основании действующих законов и подзаконных нормативных 					актов, в том числе в целях национальной безопасности. Такое раскрытие Персональных данных или предоставление 					доступа к Персональным данным может осуществляться с вашим уведомлением или без такового, если мы добросовестно 					полагаем, что обязаны сделать это в соответствии с требованиями законодательства, или что раскрытие Персональных 					данных является необходимым в связи с расследованием и предотвращением фактической или предполагаемой незаконной 					деятельности, мошенничества или других противоправных деяний, или в связи с принятием мер в отношении указанной 					незаконной деятельности, мошенничества или других противоправных деяний.
Поставщики услуг. Мы можем привлекать отдельные сторонние компании, подрядчиков и частных лиц для 					предоставления услуг, дополняющих наши сервисы (например, услуг хостинга, услуг аналитической обработки данных, 					услуг маркетинговых агентств и рекламных услуг и инструментов, услуг обеспечения безопасности данных и 					кибербезопасности, услуг по обнаружению и предотвращению мошенничества, услуг обработки платежей, партнеров, 					оказывающих услуги поддержки клиентов, внешних модераторов и тестировщиков, услуг по привлечению пользователей и 					стимулированию пользовательской активности, услуг рассылок по электронной почте и отслеживания электронных 					сообщений, услуг записи сеансов, а также услуг наших бизнес-консультантов, юридических, финансовых консультантов 					и комплаенс-консультантов (далее совместно именуются «Поставщиками услуг»). Эти 					Поставщики услуг, в зависимости от их конкретных функциональных обязанностей и целей, направленных на 					обеспечение и дополнение наших Сервисов, могут иметь доступ к вашим Персональным данным и вправе использовать их 					только для целей, которые мы установили для них. Мы также передаем анонимную, статистическую или агрегированную 					информацию и можем делиться ею с нашими поставщиками услуг в законных деловых целях.
Интеграция с продуктами третьих лиц. Сервисы позволяют вам интегрировать их с некоторыми 					сервисами, предоставляемыми третьими лицами, например, при подключении вашей учетной записи Facebook, Google или 					Apple к определенной Игре, входе в систему с помощью Google, Facebook или Apple, или при совершении покупок, и в 					этом случае на вас распространяются правила и условия, а также уведомления в отношении конфиденциальности 					персональных данных указанных третьих лиц (например, Apple, Google или Facebook), — поэтому вам необходимо 					заранее ознакомиться с ними и принять их. Мы не получаем ваши пароли к указанным сторонним сервисам и не храним 					их.
Защита прав и обеспечение безопасности. Мы можем предоставлять ваши Персональные данные другим лицам с 					уведомлением вас об этом или без такового, если добросовестно полагаем, что это поможет защитить права и 					имущество или обеспечить личную безопасность Moon Active, наших пользователей и всех других лиц.
Дочерние и аффилированные компании Moon Active. Мы можем делиться Персональными данными внутри нашей 					группы компаний для целей, описанных в настоящей Политике конфиденциальности. Также в случае изменений в 					контроле над компанией Moon Active или ее аффилированными лицами, в том числе посредством слияния, поглощения 					или покупки преимущественной части ее активов, ваши Персональные данные могут быть переданы сторонам, 					участвующим в такой сделке. Если мы считаем, что такие изменения в контроле могут существенно повлиять на ваши 					Персональные данные, которые хранятся у нас, мы уведомим вас об этом событии и об имеющихся у вас вариантах 					действий по электронной почте и (или) путем визуально заметного уведомления в наших Сервисах.

Вы понимаете то и соглашаетесь с тем, что Moon Active имеет право предоставлять ваши Персональные данные другим лицам 				дополнительными способами на основании вашего явно выраженного согласия или в тех случаях, когда мы обязаны это 				сделать в соответствии с законодательством, или когда мы обезличили указанные данные, сделав их 				неперсонифицированными. Мы можем по своему собственному усмотрению передавать, предоставлять или иным образом 				использовать данные, не являющиеся персональными, без необходимости получения дальнейшего согласия на указанные 				действия.
6. Обмен информацией и сообщениями

Связанные с Сервисами сообщения. Мы можем связаться с вами и сообщить важную информацию о наших 					Сервисах. Например, мы можем уведомлять вас (посредством любых доступных нам способов) об изменениях или 					обновлениях наших Сервисов, проблемах с выставлением счетов и т. п. Вы не можете отказаться от получения таких 					сообщений, связанных с сервисами.
Рекламные сообщения. Если вы подписались на получение таких сообщений от нас, мы можем сообщать вам о 					новых услугах, событиях и специальных предложениях, а также сообщать любую другую информацию, которая, по нашему 					мнению, представляет для вас интерес. Мы можем направлять такие сообщения с использованием любых доступных нам 					контактных данных (например, по телефону, мобильному телефону или электронной почте), через Сервисы, а также в 					рамках наших маркетинговых кампаний на любых других сайтах или платформах.

У вас есть право в любой момент времени отозвать свое согласие на получение таких рекламных сообщений. Вы можете 				сделать это, связавшись с нами на сайте https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/ru или 				следуя инструкциям в получаемых вами рекламных сообщениях, позволяющим вам отказаться от подписки, прекратить 				получение сообщений или изменить настройки получения рекламных сообщений.
7. Безопасность персональных данных
Для защиты ваших Персональных данных, хранящихся у нас и у наших Поставщиков услуг, мы используем должные физические, 				процедурные и электронные меры безопасности, включая, при необходимости, шифрование данных. Однако вам необходимо 				иметь в виду, что независимо от используемых нами мер безопасности мы не можем гарантировать и не гарантируем 				абсолютную защиту и безопасность Персональных данных, хранящихся у нас или у третьих сторон. Если вы обнаружите 				какие-либо проблемы безопасности или уязвимости, связанные с Сервисами, вы должны отправить электронное письмо по 				адресу info@moonactive.com.
8. Файлы cookie и Технологии отслеживания
Наши Сервисы и некоторые из наших Поставщиков услуг используют файлы cookie, анонимные идентификаторы и другие 				Технологии отслеживания (далее совместно именуемые «Технологиями отслеживания»), 				которые помогают нам предоставлять и улучшать наши Сервисы, обслуживать вас в соответствии с вашими индивидуальными 				предпочтениями и отслеживать эффективность наших действий и кампаний, а также в целом пользование нашими 				Приложениями, Играми и Сервисами. Для получения дополнительной информации ознакомьтесь с нашей Политикой в отношении файлов cookie.
9. Реклама
В наших Играх присутствует реклама услуг и продуктов третьих лиц. Вместе с нашими рекламными партнерами мы используем 				ваши определенные данные для улучшения нашей рекламной деятельности и для того, чтобы сделать нашу рекламу более 				эффективной, актуальной и приятной для восприятия, в том числе путем задействования рекламы на основе интересов, а 				также рекламных систем таргетинга, измерения и атрибуции.
Такие данные включают рекламные идентификаторы вашего устройства (например, IDFA или рекламный идентификатор, при его 				наличии), данные, относящиеся к вашему связанному профилю Facebook, Google или Apple (при его наличии — 				например, ваш пол, регион или страна), игровой контент, идентификатор пользователя в игре, данные о взаимодействии с 				продуктом, а также другую информацию, основанную на демографических данных и интересах, которую мы или наши 				рекламные партнеры могли получить от вас или других лиц на основании вашего согласия или на другом законном 				основании (т. е. в установленном порядке с целью предоставления вам наших соответствующих сервисов, или на основании 				законных интересов, которые мы описали выше).
Реклама, которую размещаем мы или наши рекламные партнеры, может размещаться в наших Играх, наших Сервисах или через 				другие каналы, такие как сторонние веб-сайты и приложения.
Настоящая Политика конфиденциальности не распространяется на правила и процедуры компаний, которыми мы не владеем и 				которые мы не контролируем, а также работников или Поставщиков услуг, над которыми мы не осуществляем контроль. Вся 				информация, которую вы предоставляете через сайты, приложения или сервисы, рекламируемые в наших Сервисах, подпадает 				под действие их соответствующих политик конфиденциальности. Обязательно ознакомьтесь с политиками конфиденциальности 				данных всех сторонних приложений, сервисов и сайтов, которые вы посещаете или которым вы предоставляете разрешение 				на доступ к вашей информации. Указанные третьи лица несут обязательство по защите всей предоставляемой вами 				информации, поэтому мы не несем ответственность за использование ими информации, позволяющей определить вашу 				личность. Для получения дополнительной информации ознакомьтесь с нашей Политикой в отношении файлов cookie.

Как изменить свои настройки в отношении рекламы на основе интересовЕсли вы хотите предотвратить 					использование рекламного идентификатора вашего устройства или других идентификаторов, используемых для рекламы 					на основе интересов, то можете изменить настройки своего устройства для сброса такого рекламного идентификатора 					или отказа от такой рекламы (обычно эта функция доступна в разделах «Конфиденциальность» или 					«Реклама» в настройках вашего устройства). Если вы проживаете в США, Канаде или Европе, то также 					можете запретить сбор ваших персональных данных нашими рекламными партнерами, которые являются членами Digital 					Advertising Alliance, посетив страницу www.aboutads.info/choices (для пользователей в США), страницу 					www.youradchoices.ca/choices (для пользователей в Канаде) или страницу www.youronlinechoices.eu (для пользователей в 					Европе).Обратите внимание, что если вы сбросите свой рекламный идентификатор или откажетесь от рекламы на 					основе интересов, вы, вероятно, все равно будете видеть рекламу в наших Играх или на других каналах, но эта 					реклама не будут таргетироваться с использованием вышеупомянутых идентификаторов. Например, вместо этого такая 					реклама может основываться на контексте, таком как ваш прогресс и действия в Играх, или на ваших языковых 					предпочтениях. Обратите внимание, что такие действия могут привести к тому, что ваш пользовательский опыт станет 					менее комфортным.
Агрегированная и аналитическая информацияМы используем стандартные аналитические инструменты 					Google Analytics, а также можем периодически использовать другие аналитические инструменты. Процедуры и подходы 					этих инструментов в отношении соблюдения конфиденциальности данных регулируется их собственными политиками 					конфиденциальности. Для получения дополнительной информации ознакомьтесь с нашей Политикой в отношении файлов 					cookie.
Продукты GoogleGoogle использует такие технологии, как файлы cookie, для отслеживания и анализа 					использования нашего Сайта, и (или) набор средств разработки для показа рекламы в наших Играх. Для получения 					дополнительной информации о том, как Google обрабатывает персональные данные, мы рекомендуем вам ознакомиться с 					правилами Google, размещенными по адресу https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites. Для получения 					дополнительной информации ознакомьтесь с онлайн-инструментом для блокировки Google Analytics, доступным по 					адресу https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. Дополнительная информация о персональных данных, обрабатываемых 					и сохраняемых с помощью набора средств разработки Google, размещена на странице 					https://support.google.com/admob/answer/7665968.

10. Права субъектов данных — Европейская экономическая зона, Швейцария 					и Великобритания 
Если вы являетесь резидентом Европейской экономической зоны (ЕЭЗ), Швейцарии или Соединенного Королевства 				(Великобритания) и мы обрабатываем ваши Персональные данные, вы имеете следующие права:

Право запроса доступа к вашим Персональным данным (обычно называется «запросом на доступ 					субъекта данных»). Это право позволяет вам получать копию ваших Персональных данным, которые мы храним у 					себя, и проверять, обрабатываем ли мы их на законных основаниях.
Право запроса исправления Персональных данных о вас, которые мы храним у себя. Это право 					позволяет вам требовать исправления любой неполной или неточной информация о вас, которую мы храним у себя.
Право запроса удаленияваших Персональных данных. Оно позволяет вам попросить нас удалить или 					стереть Персональные данные, если у нас нет веских причин продолжать их обработку. Вы также имеете право 					попросить нас удалить ваши Персональные данные, если вы воспользовались своим правом на возражение против 					обработки (см. ниже).
Право возражать против обработки ваших Персональных данных, если мы полагаемся на законный 					интерес (или интерес третьей стороны), и в вашей конкретной ситуации есть что-то, что заставляет вас возражать 					против обработки на этом основании. Вы также имеете право возражать, когда мы обрабатываем ваши Персональные 					данные в целях прямого маркетинга.
Право запрашивать ограничение обработкиваших Персональных данных. Оно позволяет вам просить нас 					приостановить обработку ваших Персональных данных, например, если вы хотите, чтобы мы установили их точность или 					причину их обработки.
Право запрашивать передачу ваших Персональных данных другой стороне.
Право на выполнение данных запросов в обычном порядке без взимания платы.Вам не придется платить за доступ 					к вашим Персональным данным (или осуществление любых других прав). Однако мы можем взимать разумную плату, если 					ваш запрос доступа явно не обоснован или содержит чрезмерные требования. В качестве альтернативы мы можем 					отказаться от выполнения копия запроса при таких обстоятельствах.
Что нам может потребоваться от вас.Возможно, нам потребуется запросить у вас конкретную информацию, 					которая поможет нам подтвердить вашу личность и обеспечить реализацию вашего права на доступ к информации (или 					реализацию любых ваших других прав). Это еще одна должная мера безопасности требуется для предотвращения 					раскрытия ваших Персональных данных любому лицу, которое не имеет права на их получение.
Право отозвать согласие.В ограниченных обстоятельствах, когда вы, возможно, дали свое согласие на сбор, 					обработку и передачу ваших Персональных данных для определенной цели, вы имеете право отозвать свое согласие на 					эту конкретную обработку в любое время. Чтобы отозвать согласие, свяжитесь с нами по адресу info@moonactive.com.
					Как только мы получим уведомление о том, что вы отозвали согласие, мы больше не будем обрабатывать вашу 					информацию для цели(-ей), с которой(-ыми) вы изначально согласились, если у нас нет другого законного основания 					для обработки в соответствии с законом.

Если вы желаете воспользоваться вашими правами в соответствии с действующим законодательством (например, на основании 				Общего регламента по защите данных ЕС (GDPR) или Законодательства Великобритании в сфере защиты 				данных), свяжитесь с нами здесь.
Если вы проживаете в ЕЭЗ или Великобритании, вы также можете связаться с нашим представителем в ЕЭЗ или 				Великобритании, отправив электронное письмо на адрес dpr@moonactive.com.
Если вы желаете изменить вашу информацию, получаемую нами от стороннего приложения или платформы, на которых вы 				играете в наши Игры, например Facebook, Apple или Google, следуйте инструкциям стороннего приложения по внесению 				изменений в вашу информацию и настройки конфиденциальности.
Вы имеете право подать жалобу в орган по надзору за соблюдением законодательства в сфере защиты персональных данных.
				Жители ЕЭЗ могут найти подробную информацию об органе по надзору за соблюдением законодательства в сфере защиты 				персональных данных своей страны, перейдя по ссылке https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en.
				Жители Великобритании могут связаться с Управлением уполномоченного по вопросам информации по ссылке https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/.
11. Передача данных
Moon Active вместе со своими уполномоченными аффилированными лицами и поставщиками услуг может сохранять и 				обрабатывать ваши Персональные данные, получать к ним доступ и хранить их в Соединенных Штатах Америки и других 				странах, а также из Соединенных Штатов Америки и других стран в целях надлежащего предоставления наших Сервисов или 				выполнения требований законодательства. Компания Moon Active находится в стране, которая рассматривается властями 				Великобритании, Швейцарией и Европейской комиссией как страна, где существует адекватный уровень защиты Персональных 				данных жителей ЕЭЗ и Великобритании.
Мы можем передавать Персональные данные, которые мы собираем о вас, за пределы ЕЭЗ, Швейцарии или Великобритании, 				чтобы выполнить наш договор с вами. Чтобы гарантировать должную защиту ваших Персональных данных, мы приняли 				следующие меры для обеспечения обработки ваших Персональных данных третьими сторонами таким образом, который 				соответствует законам о защите данных ЕС и Великобритании: Стандартные договорные условия и страны, в отношении 				которых проводится определение соответствия требованиям ЕС. Если вам требуется дополнительная информация о защитных 				мерах, вы можете связаться с нами, используя информацию, указанную в Разделе 14.
12. Несовершеннолетние
Следующие Игры доступны лицам в возрасте 16 (шестнадцати) лет и старше: «My Café: Recipes and 				stories», «Toy Defense», «Toy Defense 2», «Toy Defense: Fantasy», 				«Fish Now.io», «Kitchen Stars», «Family Island», «My Pizza 				Restaurant», «Zen Match», «Travel Town».
Все прочие Игры и Сервисы доступны только лицам в возрасте 18 (восемнадцати) лет и старше или лицам, достигшим 				совершеннолетия в вашей стране.
Мы оставляем за собой право в любой момент запросить документ, подтверждающий возраст, или согласие родителей. Мы 				можем блокировать Пользователей, которые, по нашему мнению, не достигли установленного возраста. Мы не осуществляем 				преднамеренный сбор Персональных данных несовершеннолетних лиц и не желаем этого делать. Если мы узнаем, что 				несовершеннолетнее лицо пользуется Сервисами или играет в наши Игры, мы можем запретить и заблокировать такое 				пользование и приложим все усилия, чтобы незамедлительно удалить все хранящиеся у нас Персональные данные таких 				несовершеннолетних лиц.
Если вы считаете, что мы можем располагать такими персональными данными, отправьте нам электронное письмо на 				адрес https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/ru.
13. Поправки и контрольные версии
Мы можем периодически вносить поправки в настоящую Политику конфиденциальности, размещая ее новую редакцию на наших 				Сервисах. Новая редакция вступает в силу с опубликованной даты вступления в силу. Мы заранее уведомим обо всех 				существенных изменениях с помощью любого из доступных нам средств связи, или же через Сервисы. По истечении 				этого срока будет считаться, что вы согласились со всеми изменениями. Если вы не согласны с условиями новой или 				измененной Политики конфиденциальности, вы должны прекратить пользование Сервисами.
Настоящая Политика конфиденциальности составлена на английском языке. Редакция на английском языке является 				оригинальной и имеет преимущественную силу. Перевод настоящей Политики конфиденциальности на все другие языки 				осуществлен исключительно для удобства и не влияет на смысл или применение настоящей Политики конфиденциальности.
				При наличии смысловых расхождений в переводе Политики конфиденциальности и ее англоязычном оригинале версия на 				английском языке имеет преимущественную силу.
14. Наши контакты
Если у вас есть вопросы или комментарии в отношении настоящей Политики конфиденциальности или замечания относительно 				конфиденциальности ваших Персональных данных, или если вы хотите связаться с менеджером по защите персональных 				данных Moon Active, перейдите по этой ссылке.
Если вы проживаете в ЕС или Великобритании, вы также можете связаться с нашим представителем в ЕС или Великобритании, 				отправив электронное письмо на адрес dpr@moonactive.com.
 
 
ПРИЛОЖЕНИЕ А
Дополнительное соглашение о конфиденциальности кандидата
Moon Active стремится защищать конфиденциальность и безопасность ваших личных данных. В настоящем Дополнительном 				соглашении о конфиденциальности кандидата описывается, как мы собираем и используем Персональные данные о вас до 				начала ваших рабочих отношений с нами в соответствии с применимым законодательством о защите данных. Оно 				применяется ко всем кандидатам на должности сотрудников, рабочих или подрядчиков.
Настоящее Дополнительное соглашение о конфиденциальности кандидатов применяется к кандидатам, подающим заявки на 				работу в качестве сотрудника и подрядчика в Moon Active. Настоящее Дополнительное соглашение о конфиденциальности 				кандидата не является частью какого-либо трудового договора или другого договора об оказании услуг. Время от времени 				мы можем вносить изменение в данное соглашение.
Вам следует прочитать это Дополнительное соглашение о конфиденциальности кандидата вместе с нашей Политикой 				конфиденциальности и любым другим уведомлением о конфиденциальности, которое мы можем направить вам в 				определенных случаях, когда мы собираем или обрабатываем ваши Персональные данные, чтобы вы знали, как и почему мы 				используем такую информацию и каковы ваши права в соответствии с применимым законодательством о защите данных.
A. Принципы защиты данных
Мы будем соблюдать закон о защите данных, который требует, чтобы ваши Персональные данные, которые мы храним:

использовались законно, честно и прозрачно;
собирались только для действительных целей, которые мы вам четко объяснили, и не использовались каким-либо 					образом, несовместимым с этими целями;
касались целей, о которых мы вам рассказали, и ограничивались только этими целями;
были точными и актуальными;
хранились только в течение того периода времени, который необходим для достижения целей, о которых мы вам 					сообщили; а также
хранились под надежной защитой.

B. Категории информации о вас, которую мы храним у себя
Персональные данные – это любая информация о физическом лице, позволяющая идентифицировать данное лицо. Она не 				включает обезличенные (анонимные) данные. Существуют «особые категории» более конфиденциальных 				персональных данных, которые требуют более высокого уровня защиты, например, информация о здоровье или сексуальной 				ориентации человека.
Мы можем собирать, хранить и использовать следующие категории Персональных данных о вас:

Личные контактные данные, такие как имя, должность, адреса, номера телефонов и личные адреса электронной почты.
				
Дата рождения.
Пол.
Ближайшие родственники и контактная информация для чрезвычайных ситуаций.
Место выполнения работы или рабочее место.
Информация о найме (включая копии документов о праве на работу, рекомендации и другую информацию, включенную в 					резюме или сопроводительное письмо или используемую в процессе подачи заявки).
Записи о занятости (включая названия должностей, трудовой стаж, рабочее время, праздники, записи об обучении и 					членство в профессиональных объединениях).
История выплаты вознаграждений.
Информация об эффективности работы.
Информация о дисциплинарной ответственности и рассмотрении жалоб.
Видеозаписи с камер видеонаблюдения и другая информация, полученная с помощью электронных средств, таких как 					записи на учетных картах во время процесса собеседования, если это применимо.
Фотографии.
В Великобритании результаты проверки статуса занятости через Министерство по налогам и таможенным сборам 					Великобритании (HMRC), сведения о ваших интересах и связи с посредником, через которого предоставляются ваши 					услуги.

C. Как собираются ваши персональные данные?
Мы получаем Персональные данные о кандидатах в процессе подачи заявок и найма либо непосредственно от кандидатов, 				либо иногда от агентства по трудоустройству. Иногда мы можем собирать дополнительную информацию от третьих лиц, 				включая бывших работодателей.
D. Как мы будем использовать информацию о вас
Мы будем использовать ваши Персональные данные только тогда, когда это разрешено законом и когда у нас есть законное 				основание для этого. Чаще всего мы будем полагаться на следующие законные основания при обработке ваших Персональных 				данных:

Если у нас есть ваше согласие на это («Согласие»).
Когда нам необходимо выполнить договор, который мы заключили с вами, или принять меры для заключения договора с 					вами («Договор»).
В случаях, когда нам необходимо соблюдать юридические или нормативные обязательства («Юридическое 						обязательство»).
Если это необходимо в наших законных интересах (или интересах третьей стороны), причем ваши интересы и основные 					права не имеют преимущества перед упомянутыми выше интересами («Законные 						интересы»).

Если вы не предоставите определенную информацию по запросу, мы не сможем оценить ваше соответствие или пригодность 				для открытой вакансии, или мы не сможем выполнить наши юридические обязательства.
Мы будем использовать ваши Персональные данные только в тех целях, для которых мы их собрали, если только мы не 				сочтем разумным ее использование для другой цели, которая соответствует первоначальной цели. Если нам потребуется 				использовать ваши Персональные данные для несвязанной с этим цели, мы уведомим вас и укажем правовое основание, 				которое позволяет нам использовать их.
Обратите внимание, что мы можем обрабатывать ваши Персональные данные без вашего ведома или согласия согласно 				вышеизложенными правилам, если это требуется или разрешено законом.
Важно обеспечить точность и актуальность Персональных данных о вас, которые мы храним у себя. Пожалуйста, 				информируйте нас об изменениях ваших Персональных данных в период, когда вы являетесь кандидатом на трудоустройство.
			
E. Предоставление персональных данных третьим лицам
Возможно, нам придется передать ваши данные третьим лицам, в том числе сторонним поставщикам услуг и другим 				организациям Moon Active.
Мы требуем, чтобы третьи стороны обеспечивали безопасность ваших данных и обращались с ними в соответствии с законом.
			
Мы можем передавать ваши Персональные данные за пределы ЕС, и в этом случае мы обеспечим надлежащую защиту ваших 				Персональных данных. Дополнительную информацию см. в разделе 10 нашей Политики конфиденциальности.

Почему вы можете передавать мои Персональные данные третьим лицам?Мы будем передавать ваши 					Персональные данные третьим лицам, если это требуется по закону, когда это необходимо для управления рабочими 					отношениями с вами или когда у нас есть другой законный интерес для этого.
Какие сторонние поставщики услуг обрабатывают мои Персональные данные?К «третьим 					сторонам» относятся сторонние поставщики услуг (включая подрядчиков и уполномоченных агентов). Ваши 					Персональные данные обрабатываются следующими поставщиками услуг в следующих целях:
					
Comeet – наем на работу


Насколько защищена моя информация, которая находится у поставщиков услуг и других организаций в нашей 						группе?Все наши поставщики услуг обязаны принимать соответствующие меры безопасности для защиты 					ваших Персональных данных в соответствии с нашими политиками. Мы не разрешаем нашим поставщикам услуг 					использовать ваши персональные данные в их собственных целях. Мы разрешаем им обрабатывать ваши персональные 					данные только для определенных целей и в соответствии с нашими инструкциями.
Что насчет других третьих лиц?Нам может потребоваться передать ваши Персональные данные 					регулирующему органу или для выполнения иных требований закона.

F. Права на доступ, исправление, стирание и ограничение
Если вы являетесь резидентом ЕЭЗ или Великобритании, при определенных обстоятельствах вы имеете права субъекта 				данных, изложенные в Разделе 9 нашей Политики конфиденциальности. Если вы хотите просмотреть, проверить, исправить 				или запросить удаление ваших Персональных данных, возразить против их обработки или потребовать, чтобы мы передали 				из копию другой стороне, см. Раздел 9 настоящей Политики конфиденциальности.
G. Хранение данных
Мы будем хранить ваши Персональные данные только до тех пор, пока это необходимо для достижения целей, для которых мы 				их собрали, в том числе для выполнения любых юридических требований, требований бухгалтерского учета или отчетности 				в соответствии с применимыми законами и правилами. Чтобы определить соответствующий период хранения 				персональных данных, мы учитываем объем, характер и конфиденциальность персональных данных, потенциальный риск 				причинения вреда от несанкционированного использования или раскрытия ваших персональных данных, цели, для которых мы 				их обрабатываем, независимо от того, можем ли мы достичь этих целей с помощью других средств, и соответствующие 				требования законодательства. Как только нам больше не понадобятся данные кандидатов, мы сохраним и надежным 				образом уничтожим ваши Персональные данные в соответствии с действующими законами и правилами.
H. Наши контакты
Вы можете обращаться к нам по любым вопросам или проблемам, используя информацию, указанную в Разделе 14 нашей 				Политики конфиденциальности.




Moon Active – Regulamin ochrony prywatności
Ostatnia aktualizacja: czerwiec 2023 r
Spółka Moon Active Ltd. oraz jej spółki zależne i stowarzyszone (zwane łącznie „Moon 				Active”, „my”, „nasz” albo „nas”) zajmuje się tworzeniem, publikacją i 				eksploatacją gier społecznościowych na potrzeby środowiska internetowego i urządzeń mobilnych (łącznie 				„Gry”), jak również aplikacjami internetowymi i mobilnymi (każda zwana „Aplikacją”) z 				przeznaczeniem do grania w nasze Gry na różnych urządzeniach i platformach (takich jak urządzenia mobilne i 				Facebook).
Prowadzimy również strony internetowe www.moonactive.com, www.melsoft-games.com, ich poddomeny oraz 				powiązane z nimi funkcje (określane łącznie jako „Strony Internetowe”, a razem z Grami i Aplikacjami 				zwane łącznie „Serwisami”).
Spółka Moon Active szanuje Państwa prywatność i stara się sprawić, aby stosowane przez nas praktyki dotyczące 				Państwa danych stały się bardziej czytelne i sprawiedliwe. Niniejszy „Regulamin ochrony prywatności” 				opisuje sposób gromadzenia, przechowywania i udostępniania przez nas danych osobowych i obowiązuje on zawsze, 				gdy wchodzą Państwo na naszą Stronę Internetową, instalują nasze Aplikacje oraz grają w nasze Gry, gdy będą Państwo 				wchodzić z nami w interakcje lub uzyskiwać dostęp albo korzystać z jakichkolwiek naszych Serwisów w innym 				trybie.
Usilnie namawiamy Państwa do przeczytania niniejszego „Regulaminu ochrony prywatności” i 					upewnienia się, że w pełni go rozumieją i akceptują. Jeżeli nie zgadzają się Państwo z niniejszym 					„Regulaminem ochrony prywatności”, prosimy o zaprzestanie i unikanie korzystania z naszych 					Serwisów. Mają Państwo prawo do zaprzestania korzystania z naszych Serwisów, 					zgodnie z niniejszym „Regulaminem ochrony prywatności”, w dowolnym momencie.
Moon Active jest „administratorem danych”. Oznacza to, że jesteśmy odpowiedzialni za decyzje dotyczące 				sposobu przechowywania i wykorzystywania Państwa danych osobowych. Zgodnie z określonymi przepisami dotyczącymi 				ochrony danych osobowych jesteśmy zobowiązani do przekazania Państwu informacji zawartych w niniejszym 				„Regulaminie ochrony prywatności”. Nie są Państwo prawnie zobowiązani do przekazywania nam żadnych 				danych osobowych, jednak bez nich nie będziemy w stanie zapewnić Państwu pełnego zakresu usług ani najlepszej 				jakości korzystania z naszych Serwisów (np. będą Państwo mogli nadal grać w nasze Gry bez podłączania swojego 				konta do Facebooka, ale nie będą Państwo mogli korzystać z ich funkcji społecznościowych).

Gromadzenie danych
Wykorzystanie danych
Przechowywanie i zachowywanie danych
Usuwanie Danych Osobowych i zamykanie kont
Udostępnianie danych
Komunikaty i wiadomości
Ochrona danych
Pliki cookie oraz Technologie Śledzenia
Reklamy
Prawa podmiotu danych – Europejski Obszar Gospodarczy, Szwajcaria i 						Zjednoczone Królestwo
Przekazywanie danych
Osoby nieletnie
Zmiany i wersja kontrolna
Kontakt z nami

1. Gromadzenie danych
Gromadzimy dane w ramach czterech głównych kategorii (przy czym dane te, w zakresie, w którym mogą 				umożliwić identyfikację konkretnej osoby lub są powiązane z takimi potencjalnie identyfikującymi danymi, będziemy 				uważać za „Dane Osobowe”):



Automatyczne gromadzenie i generowanie danych:Gdy ktoś wchodzi na naszą stronę, 							wchodzi w interakcję lub korzysta z naszych Serwisów, w tym poprzez dowolne wiadomości e-mail 							albo wiadomości tekstowe wysyłane do niego przez nas lub przy pomocy naszych Serwisów, możemy 							gromadzić lub generować dane techniczne na jego temat. Gromadzimy lub generujemy takie dane w trybie 							niezależnym albo z pomocą usług zewnętrznych, z uwzględnieniem wykorzystywania plików cookie oraz 							innych technologii śledzenia (zgodnie z tym, co szczegółowo omówiono w dalszej 							części).Takie dane składają się z danych dotyczących połączenia, danych technicznych albo 							zagregowanych danych na temat użytkowania, takich jak adres IP, identyfikator użytkownika w grze, dane 							statystyczne dotyczące gry, ustawienia gry, unikalny identyfikator reklamowy (np. IDFA; mogą Państwo 							zresetować takie ID w oparciu o instrukcję obsługi systemu operacyjnego), dane nieidentyfikujące 							urządzenia, system operacyjny, przeglądarka lub wersja Aplikacji, operator usług mobilnych, ustawienia 							lokalne i językowe, aktywność użytkownika na naszych Serwisach oraz działania w Aplikacji lub Grze 							(takie jak treść związana z graniem w grę oraz interakcja z produktem i dane reklamowe), dane 							diagnostyczne (tj. dane dot. awarii i wydajności gry). Nie wykorzystujemy takich danych w celu poznania 							prawdziwej tożsamości osoby lub danych kontaktowych, ale głównie w celu uzyskania lepszego 							rozeznania na temat tego, jak nasi użytkownicy zwykle korzystają z naszych Serwisów i się w nie 							angażują. Korzystanie z takich danych technicznych i dotyczących urządzenia pomaga również nam i 							naszym partnerom w dostarczaniu reklam albo treści opartych o zainteresowania użytkownika lub w inny 							bardziej efektywny sposób w celu optymalizacji zarządzania naszymi reklamami oraz wizualnego 							komfortu użytkowników, a także w celu udoskonalenia ogólnej wydajności i Państwa wrażeń 							jako użytkowników naszych Serwisów. Więcej informacji na temat wykorzystywania przez nas 							reklam można uzyskać w Sekcji 8 w dalszej części dokumentu.
Dane uzyskiwane od PaństwaMogą Państwo przekazywać nam swoje Dane Osobowe 							dobrowolnie, na przykład wówczas, gdy zakładają Państwo u nas konto, kontaktują się z nami (za 							pośrednictwem Facebooka, Messengera, e-maila, czatu w grze lub innego kanału, w tym wszelkich usług 							pomocy), gdy zamieszczają coś Państwo na naszych forach lub grupach publicznych, gdy przekazują nam 							Państwo swój adres e-mail (np. w przypadku, gdy zapisują się Państwo do usług związanych z 							otrzymywaniem pocztą elektroniczną aktualności lub prezentów), gdy uczestniczą Państwo w 							konkursach, zawodach, turniejach i innych akcjach promocyjnych, gdy dokonują Państwo jakichś 							zakupów w dowolnej z naszych Gier, gdy wchodzą Państwo w interakcję z innymi użytkownikami przy 							pomocy czatu w grze lub gdy postanawiają Państwo podłączyć swoje konto na Facebooku, Google, Apple lub 							podobnych serwisach do dowolnej z naszych Gier.
Dane uzyskiwane z Facebooka i innych kanałów:Po połączeniu Gier z Państwa 							kontem na Facebooku, Google, Apple lub podobnych serwisach otrzymamy dostęp do Państwa publicznego 							profilu, w tym (w zakresie, w jakim zdefiniowali go Państwo jako „publiczny”), stosownie do 							okoliczności, Państwa imienia i nazwiska, adresu(-sów) e-mail podanego(-nych) na portalu 							Facebook, Google lub Apple, płci, zdjęcia profilowego lub podobnego zdjęcia, lokalizacji, strefy 							czasowej oraz listy Państwa znajomych grających w te Gry. Pozwoli nam to również zamieścić 							publiczne zdjęcia profilowe Państwa i Państwa znajomych w tych Grach oraz stworzyć listę Państwa 							znajomych w grze. Ponadto my wraz z naszymi partnerami reklamowymi możemy otrzymywać z Facebooka oraz z 							naszych innych kanałów marketingowych ogólne informacje dotyczące wyników naszych 							kampanii reklamowych, takich jak docelowa grupa wiekowa lub zainteresowania, przy czym my i nasi 							partnerzy możemy być w stanie łączyć takie ogólne dane z innymi danymi, którymi 							dysponujemy. Aby dowiedzieć się więcej na temat naszych praktyk reklamowych, prosimy przejść do sekcji 							do 8 w dalszej części dokumentu).Jeśli uzyskują Państwo dostęp do naszych Serwisów za 							pośrednictwem strony zewnętrznej takiej jak Facebook, Google lub Apple albo łączą nasze Serwisy z kontem 							zewnętrznym, powinni Państwo również zapoznać się z treścią regulaminów i polityką ochrony 							prywatności tychże podmiotów. Jeśli nie mają Państwo pewności, jakie informacje aplikacja 							zewnętrzna nam udostępnia, prosimy odwiedzić stronę internetową tej aplikacji zewnętrznej, aby 							dowiedzieć się więcej na temat odnoszących się do niej praktyk ochrony prywatności.
Dane transakcyjneZakupy dokonywane w Grach będą zazwyczaj przetwarzane przez 							odpowiedniego dostawcę platformy (np. Apple, Google lub Facebook), a my nie będziemy gromadzić ani 							przechowywać Państwa danych finansowych np. numerów Państwa karty kredytowej lub konta bankowego.
							Niemniej możemy nadal otrzymywać Państwa Dane Osobowe niedotyczące aspektów finansowych 							związanych z zakupem takie jak Państwa imię i nazwisko, adres rozliczeniowy, adres e-mail oraz zakupione 							przedmioty w celu realizacji zakupu lub do naszych celów księgowych.



2. Wykorzystanie danych
Nasza podstawa prawna do gromadzenia i wykorzystywania Państwa Danych osobowych będzie uzależniona od konkretnego 				celu, w którym przetwarza się Państwa dane, jednak zasadniczo dotyczyć to będzie następujących sytuacji:

Realizacja umowy – Skorzystamy z tej podstawy prawnej do przetwarzania danych niezbędnych do 					tworzenia Gier, z uwzględnieniem gamingu społecznego, gdy postanowią Państwo zalogować się przez Facebooka, 					Google albo Apple, usług pomocy dostępnych dla Państwa oraz przesłania Państwu komunikatów serwisowych, 					upominków i nagród.
Zgoda – W ograniczonych przypadkach (w sytuacji, gdy zdecydują się Państwo zapisać w celu 					otrzymywania e-maili o charakterze marketingu bezpośredniego oraz gdy Państwo akceptują pliki cookie w naszych 					Witrynach, będziemy przetwarzać Państwa Dane osobowe na podstawie Państwa zgody. Swoją zgodę można wycofać w 					dowolnym momencie, kontaktując się z nami przy pomocy informacji szczegółowych podanych w sekcji 13.
Uzasadnione interesy – Będziemy przetwarzać Państwa Dane Osobowe w oparciu o nasze uzasadnione 					interesy w zakresie utrzymywania i doskonalenia naszych Serwisów i ofert, rozumienia jak wykorzystywane 					są nasze Serwisy, podawania skutecznych reklam w naszych Grach oraz poprzez inne kanały, dopasowywania 					użytkowników do tworzenia list znajomych w ramach gry, doskonalenia obsługi na rzecz naszych 					klientów oraz pomocy i ochrony, wykrywania oszustw oraz zabezpieczenia naszych użytkowników, nas 					samych i naszych Usług.
Przestrzeganie zobowiązania prawnego – W ograniczonych przypadkach możemy przetwarzać Państwa 					Dane osobowe tam, gdzie musimy to robić w celu spełnienia zobowiązania prawnego lub jeśli otrzymujemy nakaz z 					sądu albo od organu regulacyjnego.

Cele, na potrzeby których korzystamy z Danych Osobowych, opisano bardziej szczegółowo poniżej; należą 				do nich:

prowadzenie, realizacja i udostępnienia naszych Serwisów;
uwierzytelnianie tożsamości naszych graczy i zapewnianie im dostępu do funkcji dodatkowych;
zapewnianie naszym użytkownikom opieki, pomocy i usługi wsparcia technicznego;
umożliwianie interakcji z innymi graczami w grze;
dalszy rozwój, dostosowywanie do potrzeb oraz doskonalenie Serwisów i wrażeń Państwa jako 					klientów na podstawie wspólnych albo osobistych preferencji, doświadczeń i trudności;
Zarządzanie reklamami i ich udostępnianie w sposób bardziej efektywny z uwzględnieniem reklam 					kontekstowych, behawioralnych oraz opartych na zainteresowaniach na podstawie postępów i aktywności w 					Grach, na podstawie Państwa preferencji lub innych danych dostępnych dla nas lub dla naszych partnerów 					biznesowych, z uwzględnieniem celów ponownego kierowania;
kontaktowanie się z naszymi użytkownikami (przy pomocy e-maila, Facebooka, powiadomień „push” lub 					dowolnych innych dostępnych kanałów) przy pomocy ogólnych albo spersonalizowanych wiadomości 					powiązanych z usługą (takich jak potwierdzenia zakupu lub powiadomień o pracach serwisowych dotyczących 					systemu); kontaktowania się z naszymi użytkownikami przy pomocy wiadomości promocyjnych (takich jak 					aktualizacje, premie, nowe funkcje, usługi VIP itp. w ramach Gier); prowadzenie, sponsorowanie i oferowanie 					określonych imprez i promocji;
wspieranie i doskonalenie naszych środków zapewniania bezpieczeństwa danych, z uwzględnieniem 					celów zapobiegania i łagodzenia zagrożeń oszustwa, błędu lub dowolnych działań niezgodnych z prawem, lub 					zakazanych;
tworzenia zagregowanych danych statystycznych, wywnioskowanych danych niebędących danymi osobowymi lub danych 					zanonimizowanych, lub pseudozanonimizowanych (którym nadano charakter nieosobowy), które my i nasi 					partnerzy biznesowi możemy wykorzystywać do świadczenia i doskonalenia naszych odpowiednich usług; oraz
zachowania zgodności z wszelkimi obowiązującymi przepisami i rozporządzeniami.

3. Przechowywanie i zachowywanie danych
Chociaż przepisy o ochronie prywatności mogą się różnić w poszczególnych jurysdykcjach, spółka 				Moon Active podjęła stosowne kroki, aby zapewnić traktowanie Państwa Danych osobowych przez swoje jednostki 				stowarzyszone oraz Usługodawców w sposób bezpieczny i zgodny z prawem, i zgodnie z powszechnymi 				praktykami branżowymi bez względu na jakiekolwiek mniej rygorystyczne wymogi prawne, które mogą obowiązywać w 				ich jurysdykcji.    
Zatrzymujemy Państwa Dane osobowe w celu utrzymania naszych relacji oraz udostępniania Państwu naszych 				Serwisów. Będziemy przechowywać Państwa Dane Osobowe wyłącznie tak długo, jak będzie to konieczne do 				realizacji celów, w których je zgromadziliśmy. Innymi słowy, zatrzymujemy Państwa Dane Osobowe przez 				tak długi okres, przez jaki pozostają Państwo naszymi użytkownikami i o ile nie poinformowali nas Państwo, że jest 				inaczej. Będziemy podejmować odpowiednie działania mające na celu usuwanie Państwa Danych osobowych, jeśli usuną 				Państwo swoje konto. Możemy również zatrzymać Państwa Dane osobowe do celów prawnych i księgowych (np.
				zgodnie z wymogami przepisów obowiązujących w zakresie ewidencji i księgowania oraz aby posiadać dowody na 				istnienie naszej relacji, na wypadek pojawienia się jakichkolwiek kwestii prawnych po zakończeniu użytkowania) 				zgodnie z naszym „Regulaminem zachowywania danych”. Jeśli mają Państwo jakiekolwiek pytania dotyczące 				naszego „Regulaminu zatrzymywania danych”, prosimy o kontakt z nami pod adresem: https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/pl.
Prosimy mieć na uwadze, że z wyjątkiem wymogów obowiązującego prawa, nie będziemy zobowiązani do zachowywania 				Państwa danych przez jakikolwiek konkretny okres i mamy swobodę w zakresie  bezpiecznego ich usuwania z 				dowolnego powodu oraz w dowolnym momencie, za powiadomieniem i bez.
W niektórych okolicznościach możemy dokonać anonimizacji Państwa Danych Osobowych, tak aby nie można było ich 				już z Państwem powiązać, w przypadku czego możemy wykorzystywać takie informacje bez dalszego powiadamiania Państwa 				i nie będą one już uważane za Dane Osobowe w rozumieniu niniejszego „Regulaminu ochrony prywatności”.
			
4. Usuwanie Danych Osobowych i zamykanie kont

Oprócz innych praw określonych w niniejszym „Regulaminie ochrony prywatności” (z wyjątkiem praw 				określonych w „Uzupełnieniu dotyczącym ochrony prywatności kandydatów”), mogą Państwo w każdej 				chwili zażądać od Moon Active usunięcia Państwa Danych osobowych, korzystając z przycisku „Usunięcie 				konta” w odpowiedniej Grze i postępując zgodnie z instrukcjami. Wybór tej opcji spowoduje zamknięcie 				Państwa Konta i usunięcie całej Państwa historii gry, informacji o zakupach, logowań do mediów 				społecznościowych i innych informacji związanych z Państwa osobą dotyczących danej Gry.  Usunięcie jest 				nieodwracalne. Jeśli posiadają Państwo Konta w kilku Grach, powinni Państwo złożyć wniosek o zamknięcie każdego z 				nich.  
Po otrzymaniu Państwa wniosku niezwłocznie się do niego zastosujemy, ale prosimy o cierpliwość, abyśmy mogli go 				rozpatrzyć we właściwym czasie. Zastrzegamy sobie również prawo do zachowania kopii wszelkich Danych 				Osobowych, do których zachowania jesteśmy zobowiązani przez obowiązujące prawo.
5. Udostępnianie danych
Możemy udostępniać Państwa dane określonym osobom trzecim, z uwzględnieniem jednostek organów ścigania, 				naszych Usługodawców oraz naszych jednostek stowarzyszonych. Główne okoliczności, w których 				udostępniamy dane, podsumowano poniżej:

Zachowanie zgodności z przepisami, nakazami sądowymi i wymogami organów władzy – Możemy 					ujawniać lub udostępniać urzędnikom rządowym albo funkcjonariuszom organów ścigania określone Dane 					Osobowe w odpowiedzi na wezwanie sądowe, nakaz rewizji lub nakaz sądowy (lub podobny wymóg) albo 					zachowując zgodność z obowiązującymi przepisami i rozporządzeniami, z uwzględnieniem celów bezpieczeństwa 					narodowego. Do takich ujawnień lub dostępu może dojść za powiadomieniem Państwa lub bez, jeśli żywimy zasadne 					przekonanie, że jesteśmy do tego zobowiązani z mocy prawa lub takie ujawnienie jest właściwe w związku z 					prowadzeniem dochodzenia, zapobieganiem lub podjęciem działań dotyczących rzeczywistych lub podejrzewanych 					działań niezgodnych z prawem, oszustwa lub innego rodzaju czynów niezgodnych z prawem.
Usługodawcy i partnerzy biznesowi – Możemy angażować wybrane spółki zewnętrzne, 					wykonawców i fizyczne osoby trzecie w celu wykonania usług uzupełniających względem naszych własnych np.
					usług hostingowych, usług analizy danych, agencji marketingowych oraz usług i narzędzi reklamowych, usług 					zapewniania ochrony danych i cyberbezpieczeństwa, usług wykrywania i zapobiegania oszustwom, usług obsługi 					płatności, partnerów w zakresie wsparcia klienta, moderatorów i testerów zewnętrznych, 					usług angażowania użytkowników, usług dystrybucji i monitoringu e-maili, nagrywania sesji oraz naszych 					doradców biznesowych, prawnych, finansowych i ds. zgodności z przepisami (łącznie, 					„Usługodawcy”). Tacy Usługodawcy mają dostęp do Państwa Danych osobowych, w zależności od każdej z 					konkretnych ról i celów przy realizacji i uzupełnianiu naszych Serwisów i mogą z nich 					korzystać wyłącznie zgodnie z wytycznymi, które otrzymali. Możemy również udostępniać anonimowe, 					statystyczne lub zbiorcze informacje naszym Usługodawcom w uzasadnionych celach biznesowych.
Integracja z podmiotami zewnętrznymi – Serwisy pozwalają Państwu na integrację z określonymi 					serwisami i usługami świadczonymi przez podmioty zewnętrzne w celu połączeniu swojego konta Facebook, Google lub 					Apple z określoną Grą. Zachęcamy do logowania się przy pomocy Google, Facebooka lub zapisywania się przy pomocy 					Apple, lub do dokonania zakupów, w którym to przypadku będą Państwo związani przez postanowienia 					regulaminów oraz powiadomień o ochronie prywatności rzeczonych podmiotów zewnętrznych (np. Apple, 					Google lub Facebook) – należy zatem upewnić się, że zapoznali się Państwo z nimi i akceptują je z 					wyprzedzeniem. Nie otrzymujemy ani nie przechowujemy Państwa haseł na potrzeby dowolnych z tych usług 					zewnętrznych.
Ochrona praw i bezpieczeństwa – Możemy udostępniać Państwa Dane osobowe innym podmiotom/osobom, 					za powiadomieniem Państwa lub bez, jeśli będziemy żywić przekonanie w dobrej wierze, że przyczyni się to do 					ochrony praw, mienia, i bezpieczeństwa osobistego spółki Moon Active, dowolnego z naszych 					użytkowników lub dowolnych członków społeczeństwa.
Spółki zależne i spółki stowarzyszone Moon Active – Możemy udostępniać Dane osobowe 					wewnętrznie w naszej rodzinie spółek do celów opisanych w niniejszym „Regulaminie ochrony 					prywatności”. Ponadto jeśli spółka Moon Active oraz dowolne z jej jednostek stowarzyszonych przejdą 					dowolną zmianę w zakresie kontroli, w tym w trybie połączenia spółek, nabycia lub zakupu zasadniczo 					całości jej aktywów, Państwa Dane osobowe można udostępniać stronom zaangażowanym w takie zdarzenie.
					Jeśli żywimy przekonanie, że taka zmiana kontroli może w istotny sposób wpływać na Państwa Dane osobowe 					przechowywane wówczas u nas, poinformujemy Państwa o takim zdarzeniu oraz wyborach, które mogą 					mieć Państwo do dyspozycji, e-mailem lub przy pomocy widocznej informacji w naszych Serwisach.

Celem rozwiania wątpliwości spółka Moon Active może udostępniać Państwa Dane osobowe w trybach dodatkowych za 				Państwa jednoznaczną aprobatą lub jeśli jesteśmy do tego prawnie zobowiązani albo jeśli udało nam się nadać tymże 				danym formę bezosobową i anonimową. Możemy przesyłać, udostępniać lub w inny sposób wykorzystywać dane 				bezosobowe według naszego własnego uznania i bez potrzeby dalszego zatwierdzania.
6. Komunikaty i wiadomości

Komunikaty dotyczące Serwisów – Możemy kontaktować się z Państwem w celu przekazania 					ważnych informacji dotyczących naszych Serwisów. Na przykład, możemy Państwa powiadamiać (za pomocą 					dowolnego z dostępnych dla nas środków) o zmianach lub aktualizacjach w naszych Serwisach, kwestiach 					rozliczeniowych itp. Nie będą Państwo mogli zrezygnować z otrzymywania takich komunikatów dotyczących 					serwisów.
Komunikaty o charakterze promocyjnym – Jeśli zgłosili się Państwo w celu otrzymywania od nas 					takich komunikatów, możemy również informować Państwa o nowych usługach, wydarzeniach i 					specjalnych okazjach oraz przekazywać wszelkie inne informacje, które naszym zdaniem uznają Państwo za 					wartościowe. Możemy również przekazywać takie powiadomienia za pomocą dowolnych z dostępnych dla nas 					środków komunikacji (np. telefonu, telefonu komórkowego lub e-maila), za pomocą Serwisów 					lub za pomocą kampanii marketingowych na dowolnych stronach internetowych lub platformach.

Maja Państwo prawo do wycofania swojej zgody na otrzymywanie takich komunikatów promocyjnych w dowolnym 				momencie.  Mogą to Państwo uczynić, kontaktując się z nami poprzez stronę https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/pl lub wykonując 				instrukcje „wstrzymaj subskrypcję/zrezygnuj (unsubscribe)”, „stop” lub „zmień 				preferencje e-maila” (change e-mail preferences) w otrzymywanych przez Państwa komunikatach promocyjnych.
7. Ochrona danych
W celu ochrony Państwa Danych Osobowych przechowywanych przez nas i naszych Usługodawców korzystamy ze 				standardowych dla branży fizycznych, proceduralnych i elektronicznych środków bezpieczeństwa, z 				uwzględnieniem szyfrowania tam, gdzie będzie to uznane za właściwe. Proszę natomiast mieć świadomość, że bez względu 				na jakiekolwiek stosowane środki bezpieczeństwa, nie możemy i nie będziemy gwarantować bezwzględnej ochrony i 				bezpieczeństwa żadnych Danych Osobowych przechowywanych przez nas lub dowolne osoby trzecie. W przypadku wykrycia 				jakichkolwiek problemów z bezpieczeństwem lub lukami w zabezpieczeniach związanych z Serwisami należy wysłać 				wiadomość e-mail na adres info@moonactive.com.
8. Pliki cookie oraz Technologie Śledzenia
Nasze Serwisy oraz niektórzy nasi Usługodawcy korzystają z plików cookie, anonimowych 				identyfikatorów oraz innych technologii śledzenia (łącznie „Technologie Śledzenia”), co pomaga 				nam w świadczeniu i doskonaleniu naszych Serwisów/Usług, personalizowaniu Państwa doświadczenia i 				monitorowania wyników naszych działań i kampanii, jak również korzystania z naszych Aplikacji, Gier i 				Serwisów/Usług jako całości. Zapraszamy do zapoznania się z naszym „Regulaminem plików cookie”, aby dowiedzieć się 				więcej.
9. Reklamy
Nasze Gry zawierają reklamy usług i produktów zewnętrznych. My i nasi partnerzy reklamowi korzystamy z 				określonych danych na Państwa temat w celu doskonalenia naszych praktyk reklamowych i sprawienia, aby dostarczane 				przez nas reklamy były bardziej skuteczne, trafne i przyjemne, z uwzględnieniem publikowania reklam opartych na 				zainteresowaniach, jak również systemów kierowania i pomiaru oraz przyporządkowywania reklam.
Takie dane uwzględniają identyfikatory reklamy Państwa urządzenia (np. IDFA – identyfikatora dla 				reklamodawców lub identyfikatora reklamy), w dostępnym zakresie dane związane z Państwa połączonym profilem w 				serwisie Facebook, Google lub Apple (o ile takie istnieją, takie jak Państwa płeć, region albo kraj), treść gry, 				wewnętrzny identyfikator użytkownika w grze, dane dotyczące interakcji z produktem oraz inne informacje 				demograficzne i informacje oparte na zainteresowaniach, które my i nasi partnerzy reklamowi mogliśmy otrzymać 				od Państwa i na Państwa temat, za Państwa zgodą lub na innej podstawie prawnej (np. zgodnie z wymogami w celu 				świadczenia na Państwa rzecz naszych odpowiednich usług lub na podstawie uzasadnionych interesów, 				które opisaliśmy powyżej).
Reklamy, które dostarczamy wraz z naszymi partnerami reklamowymi, mogą być eksponowane w naszych Grach, 				naszych Serwisach lub za pośrednictwem innych kanałów takich jak zewnętrzne strony internetowe i aplikacje.
			
Niniejszy „Regulamin ochrony prywatności” nie ma zastosowania względem praktyk spółek, 				które nie stanowią naszej własności ani nie znajdują się pod naszą kontrolą albo względem pracowników 				lub usługodawców, którymi nie zarządzamy. Wszelkie informacje, które przekazują Państwo do 				stron internetowych, aplikacji lub serwisów reklamowanych za pośrednictwem naszych Serwisów, będą 				objęte regulaminami ochrony prywatności tychże stron, aplikacji i serwisów, tamże określonymi. Prosimy 				zapoznać się z regulaminami ochrony prywatności dowolnych zewnętrznych aplikacji, serwisów i stron 				internetowych, na które Państwo wchodzą lub którym wydają Państwo zgodę na dostęp do Państwa 				informacji. Obowiązkiem takich podmiotów zewnętrznych jest ochrona wszelkich informacji, które im 				Państwo podają, zatem nie będziemy pociągani do odpowiedzialności z tytułu wykorzystania przez nie informacji 				umożliwiających identyfikację osobistą. Aby dowiedzieć się więcej, zapraszamy do zapoznania się z naszym 				„Regulaminem plików cookie”.

Jak dostosować Państwa preferencje dotyczące reklamy opartej na zainteresowaniachJeśli życzą 					sobie Państwo nie dopuszczać do używania identyfikatora reklam swojego urządzenia lub innych 					identyfikatorów do reklamy opartej na zainteresowaniach, mogą Państwo zmienić ustawienia swojego 					urządzenia, aby zresetować identyfikator takiej reklamy lub zrezygnować z takiej reklamy (zwykle jest to 					dostępne w punkcie „Prywatność” lub „Reklamy” w ustawieniach Państwa 					urządzenia).Jeśli mieszkają Państwo w USA, Kanadzie lub Europie, mogą Państwo również zrezygnować z 					gromadzenia swoich danych przez naszych partnerów reklamowych, którzy uczestniczą w 					„Cyfrowym Sojuszu Reklamowym” (ang. Digital Advertising Alliance) wchodząc na stronę:
					www.aboutads.info/choices (dla użytkowników w USA), www.youradchoices.ca/choices (tylko dla 					użytkowników kanadyjskich), http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/ (dla użytkowników z 					Europy).Należy mieć na uwadze, że jeśli zresetują Państwo swój identyfikator reklamowy lub 					zrezygnują z reklamy opartej na zainteresowaniach, mogą Państwo nadal oglądać reklamy w naszych Grach lub na 					dowolnych innych kanałach, ale te reklamy nie będą kierowane na podstawie wyżej wymienionych 					identyfikatorów. Takie reklamy mogą na przykład być zamiast tego oparte na kontekście takim jak postęp 					lub działania w ramach Gry lub na Państwa preferencjach językowych. Należy zauważyć, że takie działania mogą 					prowadzić do mniej przyjemnych wrażeń dla użytkownika.
Informacje zagregowane i analityczneKorzystamy ze standardowych narzędzi analitycznych Google 					Analytics i możemy korzystać okresowo z dodatkowych lub innych narzędzi analitycznych. Praktyki ochrony 					prywatności tych narzędzi podlegają ich własnym regulaminom ochrony prywatności. Aby uzyskać więcej informacji, 					prosimy  zapoznać się „Regulaminem plików cookie”.
Produkty GoogleGoogle wykorzystuje technologie takie jak pliki cookie na potrzeby śledzenia i 					analizowania korzystania z naszej Strony internetowej lub SDK, aby udostępniać reklamy w naszych Grach. Aby 					dowiedzieć się więcej na temat sposobu przetwarzania danych przez Google, zalecamy zapoznanie się z regulaminami 					Google znajdującymi się na stronie: https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites. W celu uzyskania 					informacji dodatkowych prosimy zapoznać się z narzędziem internetowym do rezygnacji (opt-out Web tool) Google 					Analytics dostępnym na stronie: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. W celu uzyskania dodatkowych 					informacji dotyczących danych, które Google SDK przetwarza i przechowuje, należy zapoznać się informacją 					na stronie: https://support.google.com/admob/answer/7665968

10. Prawa podmiotu danych – Europejski Obszar 					Gospodarczy, Szwajcaria i Zjednoczone Królestwo 
Jeśli są Państwo mieszkańcami Europejskiego Obszaru Gospodarczego (EOG), Szwajcarii lub Zjednoczonego 				Królestwa (UK), których dane osobowe są przez nas przetwarzane, mają Państwo prawo do:

Zażądania dostępu do swoich Danych Osobowych (powszechnie znane jako „żądanie dostępu do 					danych”). Umożliwia to otrzymanie kopii danych osobowych, które przechowujemy na Państwa temat oraz 					sprawdzenie, czy przetwarzamy je zgodnie z prawem.
Zażądania korekty danych osobowych, które posiadamy na Państwa temat. Dzięki temu mogą 					Państwo uzyskać korektę wszelkich niekompletnych lub niedokładnych informacji, które posiadamy na Państwa 					temat.
Zażądania usunięcia swoich Danych Osobowych. Umożliwia to Państwu zwrócenie się do nas z 					żądaniem usunięcia Danych Osobowych, jeżeli nie ma uzasadnionego powodu, abyśmy nadal je przetwarzali. Mają 					Państwo również prawo zażądać od nas usunięcia swoich Danych Osobowych, jeżeli skorzystali Państwo z 					prawa do sprzeciwu wobec przetwarzania danych (patrz poniżej).
Sprzeciwu wobec przetwarzania Państwa Danych Osobowych w przypadku, gdy powołujemy się na 					uzasadniony interes (lub interes osoby trzeciej) i jest coś w Państwa szczególnej sytuacji, co sprawia, 					że chcą Państwo sprzeciwić się przetwarzaniu danych na tej podstawie. Prawo do sprzeciwu przysługuje Państwu 					również w przypadku, gdy przetwarzamy Państwa Dane Osobowe dla celów marketingu bezpośredniego.
				
Żądania ograniczenia przetwarzania Państwa Danych Osobowych. Dzięki temu mogą Państwo 					zwrócić się do nas o wstrzymanie przetwarzania dotyczących Państwa Danych Osobowych, na przykład, jeżeli 					chcą Państwo, abyśmy ustalili ich dokładność lub powód ich przetwarzania.
Zażądania przekazania Państwa Danych Osobowych innemu podmiotowi.
Zazwyczaj nie jest wymagana żadna opłata.Aby uzyskać dostęp do swoich Danych Osobowych (lub skorzystać z 					któregokolwiek z pozostałych praw), nie muszą Państwo uiszczać opłaty. Możemy jednak pobrać uzasadnioną 					opłatę, jeżeli Państwa żądanie dostępu jest wyraźnie nieuzasadnione lub przesadne. Alternatywnie w takich 					okolicznościach możemy odmówić spełnienia żądania.
Czego możemy od Państwa potrzebować?Możemy potrzebować od Państwa określonych informacji, które 					pomogą nam potwierdzić Państwa tożsamość i zapewnić prawo do dostępu do informacji (lub do skorzystania z innych 					Państwa praw). Jest to kolejny odpowiedni środek bezpieczeństwa zapewniający, że Dane Osobowe nie zostaną 					ujawnione żadnej osobie, która nie ma prawa ich otrzymać.
Prawo do wycofania zgody.W ograniczonych okolicznościach, gdy wyrazili Państwo zgodę na gromadzenie, 					przetwarzanie i przekazywanie Państwa Danych Osobowych w określonym celu, mają Państwo prawo do wycofania zgody 					na to określone przetwarzanie w dowolnym czasie. Aby wycofać swoją zgodę, należy skontaktować się z 					info@moonactive.com. Po otrzymaniu powiadomienia o wycofaniu przez Państwa zgody nie będziemy już przetwarzać 					Państwa danych w celu lub celach, na które pierwotnie wyrazili Państwo zgodę, chyba że będziemy mieli 					inną uzasadnioną podstawę prawną do takiego działania.

Jeśli życzą sobie Państwo skorzystać z dowolnego ze swoich praw zgodnie z obowiązującym prawem (np.
				„Ogólnego rozporządzenia o ochronie danych osobowych” (RODO) lub „Ogólnego 				rozporządzenia o ochronie danych osobowych w Zjednoczonym Królestwie”), prosimy o kontakt, klikając tutaj.
Jeśli mieszkają Państwo w EOG lub Zjednoczonym Królestwie, mogą Państwo również skontaktować się z 				naszym przedstawicielem w EOG lub Zjednoczonym Królestwie za pomocą adresu dpr@moonactive.com.
Jeżeli chcą Państwo zarządzać informacjami, które otrzymujemy na Państwa temat z aplikacji zewnętrznej lub 				platformy, na której grają Państwo w nasze Gry, takiej jak Facebook, Apple albo Google, prosimy postępować 				zgodnie z instrukcjami aplikacji zewnętrznej w celu aktualizacji Państwa informacji oraz zmiany swoich ustawień 				prywatności.
Mają Państwo prawo do składania skarg u organu nadzorczego odpowiedzialnego za ochronę danych.  Mieszkańcy Unii 				Europejskiej mogą znaleźć dane szczegółowe dot. organu nadzorczego swojego krajowego za pośrednictwem tego 				linku: https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en.
				Mieszkańcy Zjednoczonego Królestwa mogą komunikować się z Biurem Komisarza ds. Informacji za pośrednictwem 				tego linku: https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/.
11. Przekazywanie danych
Państwa Dane osobowe mogą być zarządzane, przetwarzane, udostępniane i przechowywane przez Moon Active i jej 				upoważnione podmioty stowarzyszone oraz Usługodawców w Stanach Zjednoczonych i w innych jurysdykcjach w 				zakresie niezbędnym do prawidłowego świadczenia naszych Serwisów lub w zakresie wymaganym przez prawo. Moon 				Active ma siedzibę w jurysdykcji, która jest uznawana przez władze Zjednoczonego Królestwa, Szwajcarii 				i Komisji Europejskiej za jurysdykcję zapewniającą odpowiedni poziom ochrony Danych Osobowych mieszkańców EOG 				i Zjednoczonego Królestwa.
Możemy przekazywać Dane Osobowe, które gromadzimy na Państwa temat poza EOG, Szwajcarią lub Zjednoczonym 				Królestwem w celu realizacji naszej umowy z Państwem. Aby zapewnić odpowiedni poziom ochrony Państwa Danych 				Osobowych, wprowadziliśmy następujące środki w celu zapewnienia, że Państwa Dane Osobowe są traktowane przez te 				osoby trzecie w sposób spójny i zgodny z przepisami UE i Zjednoczonego Królestwa dotyczącymi 				ochrony danych: Standardowe Klauzule Umowne oraz kraje, które są przedmiotem ustaleń UE dotyczących 				adekwatności. Jeżeli potrzebują Państwo dalszych informacji na temat środków ochrony, mogą Państwo 				skontaktować się z nami, korzystając z informacji zawartych w Sekcji 13.
12. Osoby nieletnie
Następujące Gry są dostępne dla osób fizycznych, które ukończyły szesnasty (16.) rok życia: „My 				Cafe; Recipes and Stories” [Moja kawiarnia: Przepisy i opowieści], „Toy Defense” [Obrona 				zabawek]    „Toy Defense 2” [Obrona zabawek 2], Toy Defense: Fantasy” [Obrona 				zabawek: Fantazja], „Fish Now.io” [Teraz na ryby, io],  „Kitchen Stars” [Gwiazdy 				kuchni], „Family Island” [Rodzinna wyspa], „My Pizza Restaurant” [Moja pizzeria], „Zen Match” [Mecz Zen], „Travel Town” [Miasto podróży].
Wszystkie inne Gry i Serwisy/Usługi są dostępne wyłącznie dla osób fizycznych, które ukończyły 				osiemnasty (18.) rok życia albo osiągnęły pełnoletniość w Państwa jurysdykcji.
Zastrzegamy sobie prawo do zażądania okazania dokumentu poświadczającego wiek lub zgody rodziców na dowolnym 				etapie. Możemy blokować Użytkowników, co do których żywimy podejrzenie, że nie osiągnęli wymaganego 				wieku. Nie gromadzimy świadomie Danych osobowych od osób niepełnoletnich i nie chcemy tego robić. Jeśli 				dowiemy się, że osoba niepełnoletnia korzysta z Serwisów lub gra w dowolną z Gier, możemy zakazać takiego 				korzystania i zablokować je oraz dołożymy wszelkich starań, aby natychmiast usunąć wszelkie Dane Osobowe 				przechowywane u nas w odniesieniu do takiej osoby niepełnoletniej.
Jeśli żywią Państwo przekonanie, że możemy posiadać takie dane, prosimy o kontakt z nami poprzez stronę https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/pl.
13. Zmiany i wersja 					kontrolna
Możemy okresowo aktualizować i wprowadzać zmiany do niniejszego „Regulaminu ochrony prywatności”, 				zamieszczając wersję ze zmianami w naszych Serwisach. Poprawiona wersja będzie obowiązywać od dnia publikacji. Jeśli 				dojdzie do zasadniczych zmian, wystosujemy powiadomienie przy pomocy dostępnych nam środków komunikacji lub w 				Serwisach. Po okresie powiadomienia wszystkie zmiany uznaje się za zaakceptowane przez Państwa. Jeśli nie zgadzają 				się Państwo na warunki nowego albo zmodyfikowanego „Regulaminu ochrony prywatności”, muszą Państwo 				zaprzestać korzystania z Serwisów.
„Regulamin ochrony prywatności” został sporządzony w języku angielskim i stanowi wersję oryginalną i 				kontrolną niniejszego „Regulaminu ochrony prywatności”. Wszelkie tłumaczenia niniejszego Regulaminu na 				inne języki dokonane są jedynie dla wygody i nie wpływają na znaczenia ani na stosowanie jego postanowień. W 				przypadku rozbieżności pomiędzy znaczeniami dowolnej z wersji tłumaczenia „Regulaminu ochrony 				prywatności” a wersją w języku angielskim obowiązuje znaczenie wersji w języku angielskim.
14. Kontakt z nami
Jeżeli mają Państwo uwagi lub pytania dotyczące niniejszego "Regulaminu ochrony prywatności" albo jeżeli mają Państwo 				wątpliwości dotyczące Państwa prywatności bądź chcą skontaktować się z kierownikiem ds. ochrony danych w Moon 				Active, prosimy skorzystać z tego linku.
			
Jeżeli mieszkają Państwo w UE lub Zjednoczonym Królestwie, mogą Państwo również skontaktować się z 				naszym przedstawicielem w UE lub Zjednoczonym Królestwie, wysyłając wiadomość na adres dpr@moonactive.com.
			
 
SUPLEMENT A
Uzupełnienie dotyczące ochrony prywatności kandydatów
Moon Active dokłada wszelkich starań, aby chronić prywatność i bezpieczeństwo Państwa danych osobowych. Niniejsze 				„Uzupełnienie dotyczące ochrony prywatności kandydatów” opisuje, w jaki sposób gromadzimy 				i wykorzystujemy Państwa Dane Osobowe przed nawiązaniem z Państwem stosunku pracy, zgodnie z obowiązującymi 				przepisami o ochronie danych osobowych. Ma ono zastosowanie do wszystkich kandydatów ubiegających się o pracę 				w charakterze pracowników, współpracowników lub pracowników kontraktowych.
Niniejsze „Uzupełnienie dotyczące ochrony prywatności kandydatów” odnosi się do kandydatów 				ubiegających się o zatrudnienie oparte o umowę o pracę oraz tych ubiegających się o pracę jako wykonawcy w Moon 				Active. Niniejsze „Uzupełnienie dotyczące ochrony prywatności kandydatów” nie stanowi części 				jakiejkolwiek umowy o pracę lub innej umowy o świadczeniu usług. Możemy w każdej chwili zaktualizować niniejsze 				Uzupełnienie.
Ważne jest, aby zapoznali się Państwo z niniejszym „Uzupełnieniem dotyczącym ochrony prywatności 				kandydatów” wraz z naszym „Regulaminem ochrony prywatności” i wszelkimi innymi informacjami 				o ochronie prywatności, które możemy Państwu przekazać w konkretnych przypadkach, gdy zbieramy lub 				przetwarzamy Państwa Dane Osobowe, aby byli Państwo świadomi, w jaki sposób i dlaczego wykorzystujemy takie 				informacje oraz jakie są Państwa prawa wynikające z obowiązujących przepisów o ochronie danych.
A. Zasady dotyczące ochrony danych:
Będziemy przestrzegać prawa o ochronie danych osobowych, które wymaga, aby Dane Osobowe, które 				przechowujemy na Państwa temat były:

wykorzystywane zgodnie z prawem, uczciwie i w sposób klarowny;
gromadzone wyłącznie w uzasadnionych celach, które zostały Państwu jasno wyjaśnione i nie były 					wykorzystywane w sposób niezgodny z tymi celami;
odpowiednie do celów, o których Państwa powiadomiliśmy i zawężone wyłącznie do tych celów; 				
dokładne i stale aktualizowane;
przechowywane jedynie tak długo, jak jest to niezbędne dla celów, o których Państwa 					poinformowaliśmy; oraz
przechowywane w sposób bezpieczny.

B. Rodzaj informacji, które przechowujemy na Państwa temat:
„Dane osobowe”, lub „Dane Osobowe” oznaczają wszelkie informacje o osobie fizycznej, na 				podstawie których można ją zidentyfikować. Nie obejmuje to danych, z których usunięto informacje dot.
				tożsamości  (dane anonimowe). Istnieją „szczególne kategorie” bardziej wrażliwych danych 				osobowych, które wymagają wyższego poziomu ochrony, jak np. informacje o zdrowiu lub orientacji seksualnej 				danej osoby.
Możemy gromadzić, przechowywać i wykorzystywać następujące kategorie Danych Osobowych na Państwa temat:

osobiste dane kontaktowe takie jak nazwisko, tytuł, adresy, numery telefonów i osobiste adresy e-mail; 				
data urodzenia;
płeć;
dane kontaktowe najbliższej rodziny i dane kontaktowe w nagłych przypadkach.
miejsce zatrudnienia lub miejsce wykonywania pracy;
informacje dotyczące rekrutacji (w tym kopie dokumentów potwierdzających prawo do pracy, referencje i 					inne informacje zawarte w CV, liście motywacyjnym lub w ramach procesu aplikacyjnego);
dane dotyczące zatrudnienia (w tym nazwy stanowisk, historia stażu pracy, godziny pracy, urlopy, dane dotyczące 					szkoleń i członkostwa zawodowego);
historia wynagrodzeń;
informacje o wynikach pracy;
informacje dotyczące postępowania dyscyplinarnego i skarg;
Nagrania z kamer przemysłowych i inne informacje uzyskane drogą elektroniczną np. zapisy z kart magnetycznych 					podczas rozmowy kwalifikacyjnej, jeśli dotyczy;
fotografie
w Zjednoczonym Królestwie wyniki kontroli statusu zatrudnienia przeprowadzonej przez HMRC (Urząd Skarbowy 					i Podatkowy w Wielkiej Brytanii), szczegóły dotyczące Państwa interesów i związków z 					pośrednikiem, poprzez którego świadczone są Państwa usługi.

C. W jaki sposób gromadzone są Państwa Dane Osobowe? 
Gromadzimy Dane Osobowe kandydatów w trakcie procesu aplikacji i rekrutacji bezpośrednio od kandydatów 				lub czasami od agencji zatrudnienia. Czasami możemy zbierać dodatkowe informacje od osób trzecich, w tym od 				byłych pracodawców.
D. Jak będziemy wykorzystywać informacje na Państwa temat:
Będziemy wykorzystywać Państwa Dane osobowe tylko wtedy, gdy pozwoli nam na to prawo i gdy będziemy mieć ku temu 				podstawy prawne. Najczęściej w celu przetwarzania Państwa Danych osobowych będziemy opierać się na następujących 				podstawach prawnych:

Gdy mamy Państwa zgodę na ich przetwarzanie („Zgoda”);
Gdy musimy realizować umowę, którą zawarliśmy z Państwem lub podjąć kroki w celu zawarcia z Państwem 					umowy („Umowa”);
Gdy musimy dopełnić obowiązku prawnego („Obowiązek Prawny”);
Gdy jest to konieczne dla naszych uzasadnionych interesów (lub interesów strony trzeciej), a 					Państwa interesy i prawa podstawowe nie mają charakteru nadrzędnego wobec tych interesów 					(„Uzasadnione Interesy”).

Jeżeli nie podadzą Państwo pewnych informacji na żądanie, możemy nie być w stanie ocenić, czy kwalifikują się Państwo 				bądź nadają na wolne stanowisko lub możemy nie być w stanie wypełnić naszych zobowiązań prawnych.
Będziemy wykorzystywać Państwa Dane Osobowe wyłącznie do celów, w jakich je zgromadziliśmy, chyba że uznamy, 				że musimy je wykorzystać z innego powodu, a powód ten jest zbieżny z pierwotnym celem. Jeżeli zaistnieje 				konieczność wykorzystania Państwa Danych Osobowych do celów niepowiązanych, poinformujemy Państwa o tym i 				wyjaśnimy podstawę prawną, która nam na to pozwala.
Należy pamiętać, że możemy przetwarzać Państwa Dane Osobowe bez Państwa wiedzy lub zgody zgodnie z powyższymi 				zasadami, jeżeli jest to wymagane lub dozwolone przez prawo.
Ważne jest, aby Dane Osobowe, które przechowujemy na Państwa temat były dokładne i aktualne. Prosimy o 				informowanie nas o zmianach w Państwa Danych Osobowych w czasie trwania Państwa procesu aplikacyjnego.
E. Udostępnianie danych:
Może zajść konieczność udostępnienia Państwa danych osobom trzecim, w tym zewnętrznym Usługodawcom i innym podmiotom 				w grupie Moon Active.
Wymagamy od osób trzecich poszanowania bezpieczeństwa Państwa danych i postępowania z nimi zgodnie z prawem.
				Możemy przekazywać Państwa Dane Osobowe poza obszar UE, a jeśli tak się stanie, zapewnimy, że Państwa Dane Osobowe 				będą odpowiednio chronione. Więcej informacji znajdą Państwo w sekcji 10 „Regulaminu ochrony 				prywatności”.   

Dlaczego możecie udostępniać moje Dane Osobowe osobom trzecim?Będziemy udostępniać Państwa Dane 					Osobowe osobom trzecim, jeżeli jest to wymagane przez prawo, jeżeli jest to niezbędne do zarządzania stosunkiem 					pracy z Państwem lub jeżeli mamy w tym inny uzasadniony interes.
Jacy zewnętrzni Usługodawcy przetwarzają moje Dane Osobowe?„Osoby trzecie” obejmują 					zewnętrznych Usługodawców (w tym wykonawców i wyznaczonych agentów). Następujący 					Usługodawcy przetwarzają dotyczące Państwa Dane Osobowe w następujących celach:
					
Comeet – rekrutacja


Jak bezpieczne są moje dane przetwarzane przez Usługodawców i inne podmioty z grupy Moon 						Active?Wszyscy nasi Usługodawcy są zobowiązani do stosowania odpowiednich środków 					bezpieczeństwa w celu ochrony Państwa Danych Osobowych zgodnie z naszymi zasadami. Nie zezwalamy naszym 					Usługodawcom na wykorzystywanie Państwa danych osobowych do własnych celów. Zezwalamy im na przetwarzanie 					Państwa danych osobowych wyłącznie w określonych celach i zgodnie z naszymi instrukcjami.
Co w przypadku innych osób trzecich?Możemy być zmuszeni do udostępnienia Państwa Danych 					Osobowych organowi regulacyjnemu lub innemu podmiotowi w celu zachowania zgodności z prawem.  

F. Prawo do dostępu, korekty, usunięcia i ograniczenia danych  
Jeżeli są Państwo rezydentami EOG lub Zjednoczonego Królestwa, w pewnych okolicznościach przysługują Państwu 				prawa podmiotu danych przedstawione w Sekcji 9 naszego „Regulaminu ochrony prywatności”. Jeżeli chcą 				Państwo sprawdzić, zweryfikować, poprawić lub zażądać usunięcia swoich Danych Osobowych, sprzeciwić się 				przetwarzaniu Państwa Danych Osobowych lub zażądać od nas przekazania kopii Państwa Danych Osobowych innemu 				podmiotowi, prosimy o zapoznanie się z Sekcją 9 niniejszego „Regulaminu ochrony prywatności”.
G. Zachowywanie danych
Zachowamy Państwa Dane Osobowe wyłącznie tak długo, jak jest to konieczne do realizacji celów, w jakich je 				zgromadziliśmy, w tym w celu spełnienia wszelkich wymogów prawnych, księgowych lub sprawozdawczych zgodnie z 				obowiązującymi przepisami prawa i regulacjami. Aby określić odpowiedni okres przechowywania danych osobowych, 				bierzemy pod uwagę ilość, charakter i wrażliwość danych osobowych, potencjalne ryzyko wyrządzenia szkody przez 				nieuprawnione wykorzystanie lub ujawnienie Państwa Danych Osobowych, cele, w których przetwarzamy Państwa 				Dane Osobowe, to, czy możemy osiągnąć te cele za pomocą innych środków a także obowiązujące wymogi prawne.
				Gdy nie będziemy już potrzebować danych kandydatów, zachowamy i w sposób bezpieczny zniszczymy Państwa 				Dane Osobowe zgodnie z obowiązującymi przepisami prawa i regulacjami.
H. Kontakt z nami
W przypadku pytań lub wątpliwości mogą Państwo skontaktować się z nami, korzystając z informacji zamieszczonych w 				Sekcji 14 naszego „Regulaminu ochrony prywatności”.




Moon Active - Gizlilik Politikası
Son Güncelleme: Haziran 2023
Moon Active Ltd. ve bağlı ortaklıkları ve iştirakleri (topluca, "Moon Active", 				"biz", "bizim" veya "bize") oyunlarımızı birden çok cihaz 				ve platformda (mobil cihazlar ve Facebook gibi)  oynamak için web ve mobil ortamlar için sosyal 				oyunlar, ("Oyunlar") ile web ve mobil uygulamalar (her biri, "Uygulama") 				geliştirir, yayınlar ve çalıştırır.
Ayrıca www.moonactive.com, www.melsoft-games.com web sitelerini, alt alanlarını ve ilgili 				özelliklerini bir çevrimiçi mağazanın yanı sıra (topluca, "Siteler" ve Oyunlar 				ve Uygulama ile birlikte toplu olarak - "Hizmetler") işletmekteyiz.
Moon Active, gizliliğinize saygı duyar ve verilerinizle ilgili uygulamalarımızı daha şeffaf ve adil hale getirmeyi 				taahhüt eder. Bu Gizlilik Politikası, kişisel verilerinizi nasıl topladığımızı, sakladığımızı, kullandığımızı 				ve paylaştığımızı açıklar ve sitelerimizi her ziyaret ettiğinizde, uygulamamızı yüklediğinizde, 				oyunlarımızı oynadığınızda, bizimle etkileşime girdiğinizde veya başka bir şekilde hizmetlerimizden herhangi birine 				eriştiğinizde veya herhangi birini kullandığınızda geçerlidir.
Bu Gizlilik Politikasını okumanızı, tamamen anladığınızdan ve kabul ettiğinizden emin olmanızı şiddetle 					tavsiye ediyoruz. Bu Gizlilik Politikasını kabul etmiyorsanız lütfen devam etmeyin ve hizmetlerimizi 					kullanmaktan kaçının. İstediğiniz zaman bu Gizlilik Politikası uyarınca hizmetimizi kullanmayı bırakma 					hakkına sahipsiniz.
Moon Active bir “veri sorumlusudur”. Bu, sizinle ilgili Kişisel Verileri nasıl tuttuğumuza ve 				kullandığımıza karar vermekten sorumlu olduğumuz anlamına gelir. Belirli veri koruma mevzuatı uyarınca, bu Gizlilik 				Politikasında yer alan bilgileri size bildirmemiz gerekmektedir. Bize yasal olarak herhangi bir Kişisel Veri 				sağlamak zorunda değilsiniz; ancak bu bilgiler olmadan size hizmetlerimizin tüm kapsamını 				veya en iyi deneyimini sağlayamayacağız (örneğin, oyunlarımızı, Facebook hesap bilgilerinizi bağlamadan da 				oynayabilirsiniz, ancak onun getirdiği sosyal özelliklerden yararlanamazsınız).

Veri Toplama
Veri Kullanımları
Saklama ve Muhafaza Etme
Kişisel Verilerin Silinmesi ve Hesapların Kapatılması

Veri Paylaşımı
İletişim
Veri Güvenliği
Çerezler ve İzleme Teknolojileri
Reklam
Veri Sahibi Hakları – Avrupa Ekonomik Alanı, İsviçre ve Birleşik 						Krallık
Veri Aktarımları
Küçükler
Değişiklikler ve Kontrol Versiyonu
Bize Ulaşın

1. Veri Toplama
Dört ana veri kategorisi toplamaktayız (ve belirli bir kişinin tanımlanmasını sağlayabildiği veya bu tür 				potansiyel olarak tanımlayıcı verilerle bağlantılı olduğu ölçüde, bunu "Kişisel 					Veri" olarak kabul ederiz):

Otomatik olarak toplanan veya oluşturulan veriler:Birisi, bizim tarafımızdan veya 					hizmetlerimiz aracılığıyla kendilerine gönderilen herhangi bir e-posta veya metin mesajı dahil olmak 					üzere hizmetlerimizi ziyaret ettiğinde, etkileşim kurduğunda veya kullandığında onlar hakkında teknik 					veriler toplayabilir veya oluşturabiliriz. Bu tür verileri, bağımsız olarak veya 					üçüncü taraf hizmetlerinin yardımıyla "çerezler" ve diğer izleme teknolojilerinin 					kullanımı (aşağıdaki daha ayrıntılı olarak açıklandığı üzere) dahil olmak üzere topluyor veya 					oluşturuyoruz.Bu tür veriler; IP adresi, oyun içi tanımlayıcı, oyun istatistikleri, oyun 					tercihleri, benzersiz reklam kimliği (örn. IDFA; aşağıdaki talimatları izleyerek bu kimliği 					sıfırlayabilirsiniz), bir cihazın tanımlayıcı olmayan verileri, işletim sistemi, tarayıcı veya uygulama, mobil 					operatör, yerel ayar ve dil ayarları, hizmetlerimizdeki kullanıcı etkinliği, uygulama içi veya oyun 					aktiviteleri (oyun oynama içeriği/ürün etkileşimi ve reklamcılık verileri gibi); tanılama 					verileri (yani çökme verileri ve oyun performansı verileri) gibi bağlantı, teknik veya toplu 					kullanım verileri içerir. Bu tür verileri, bir kişinin gerçek kimliğini veya iletişim 					bilgilerini öğrenmek için değil, çoğunlukla kullanıcılarımızın hizmetlerimizi genel olarak 					nasıl kullandığı ve bunlarla nasıl etkileşimde bulunduğunu daha iyi anlamak için kullanıyoruz. Bu 					tür teknik verilerin ve cihaz verilerinin kullanılması, bize ve ortaklarımıza ilgi alanına dayalı veya 					başka şekilde daha etkili reklamlar ve içerik sunmamıza, reklam yönetimimizi ve kullanıcılarımızın 					görüntüleme deneyimini optimize etmemize ve genel performansı ve hizmetlerimiz konusunda 					kullanıcı deneyiminizi iyileştirmemize yardımcı olur. Reklam kullanımlarımız hakkında daha fazla bilgi 					için lütfen aşağıdaki 8. Bölüme bakın.
Sizden alınan veriler: Bizimle bir hesap oluşturduğunuzda, iletişime geçtiğinizde 					(Facebook, Messenger, e-posta, oyun içi sohbet veya herhangi bir destek hizmeti dahil olmak üzere 					diğer bir kanal aracılığıyla), forumlarımız veya gruplarımız aracılığıyla herkese açık bir paylaşımda 					bulunduğunuzda, bize e-posta adresinizi verdiğinizde (e-posta güncellemeleri veya hediyeler almak 					için kaydolduğunuzda olduğu gibi), Müsabakaya, yarışmaya, turnuvalara ve diğer promosyonlara 					katıldığınızda, Oyunlarımızdan herhangi birinde herhangi bir satın alma işlemi gerçekleştirdiğinizde, 					diğer kullanıcılarla oyun içi sohbet aracılığıyla etkileşimde bulunduğunuzda, Facebook, Google, Apple 					veya benzer bir hesabınızı oyunlarımızdan herhangi birine bağlamayı seçtiğinizde kişisel verilerinizi 					bize gönüllü olarak sağlayabilirsiniz.
Facebook ve diğer kanallardan alınan veriler: Oyunları Facebook, Google, Apple veya benzer 					bir hesabınıza bağladığınızda, uygun olduğu şekilde tam adınız, (Facebook, Google ya da Apple’a sunulan 					e-posta adresleri), cinsiyetiniz, profil fotoğrafınız ya da benzer fotoğrafınız, yerel ayarlarınız, saat 					diliminiz ve oyunları oynayan arkadaşlarınızın listesi (fotoğrafları ve diğer herkese açık profil 					bilgileriyle birlikte) dahil olmak üzere (“herkese açık” olarak tanımladığınız 					ölçüde) genel profilinize erişiriz. Bu aynı zamanda sizin ve arkadaşlarınızın herkese 					açık profil resimlerini oyunlar içinde sunmamıza ve oyun içi arkadaş listenizi 					oluşturmamıza olanak tanır. Ayrıca, biz veya reklam ortaklarımız Facebook'tan ve diğer pazarlama 					kanallarımızdan, hedeflenen yaş grubu veya ilgi alanları gibi reklam kampanyalarımızın performansıyla ilgili 					genel bilgiler alabilir ve ortaklarımızla birlikte, bu tür genel verileri elimizdeki diğer veriler ile 					bağdaştırabiliriz (Reklam uygulamalarımız hakkında daha fazla bilgi edinmek için lütfen aşağıda yer 					alan 8. Bölüm’e bakın).Hizmetlerimize Facebook, Google veya Apple gibi 					üçüncü bir taraf aracılığıyla erişirseniz veya hizmetlerimizi herhangi bir 					üçüncü taraf hesabına bağlarsanız, bunların hüküm ve koşullarını ve gizlilik 					politikalarını da okumalısınız. Bir üçüncü taraf uygulamasının bizimle hangi bilgileri 					paylaştığından emin değilseniz, gizlilik uygulamaları hakkında daha fazla bilgi edinmek için lütfen 					söz konusu üçüncü taraf uygulamasının web sitesini ziyaret edin.
Hareket Verisi: Oyun içi satın alımlar genellikle ilgili platform sağlayıcısı 					(örn. Apple, Google veya Facebook) tarafından işlenir; biz, kredi kartı numaralarınız veya banka hesabınız 					gibi finansal verilerinizi toplamaz veya saklamayız. Bununla birlikte, satın alma işleminizi 					gerçekleştirmek ve muhasebe kayıtlarımız için adınız, fatura adresiniz, e-posta adresiniz ve satın 					alınan ürün bilgisi gibi mali olmayan kişisel verilerinizi yine de alabiliriz.

2. Veri Kullanımları
Kişisel verilerinizi toplamak ve kullanmak için yasal dayanağımız, verilerinizin hangi amaçla 				işlendiğine bağlı olacaktır, ancak genellikle aşağıdakileri kullanırız:

Bir sözleşmenin ifası. Bu temeli; Facebook, Google veya Apple ile oturum açmayı seçtiğinizde 					sosyal oyunlar dahil Oyunları ve destek hizmetlerini kullanımınıza sunmak ve size haberleşme hizmeti, hediyeler 					ve ödüller göndermek için gerekli işlemleri yapmak amacıyla kullanacağız.
Rıza. Sınırlı durumlarda (doğrudan pazarlama e-postaları almak için kaydolmayı seçtiğiniz, 					Sitelerimizde çerezleri kabul ettiğiniz zamanlar) kişisel Verilerinizi izninize bağlı olarak 					işleyeceğiz.  Bölüm 13'teki bilgileri kullanıp bizimle iletişime geçerek istediğiniz zaman 					rızanızı geri çekebilirsiniz.
“Meşru menfaatler. Kişisel Verilerinizi, hizmetlerimizi ve tekliflerimizi sürdürme ve 					iyileştirme, hizmetlerimizin nasıl kullanıldığını anlama, oyunlarımızda ve diğer kanallar aracılığıyla etkili 					reklamlar sunma, oyun içi arkadaş listeleri oluşturmak için kullanıcıları eşleştirme, müşteri 					hizmetleri ve destek operasyonlarımızı iyileştirme, dolandırıcılık tespiti, kullanıcılarımızı, kendimizi ve 					hizmetlerimizi koruma ve güvence altına alma konusundaki meşru menfaatlerimize dayalı olarak 					işleyeceğiz.”
Yasal bir yükümlülüğe uyum. Sınırlı durumlarda, kişisel verilerinizi geçerli bir 					yasada belirtildiği üzere veya bir mahkemeden ya da düzenleyici kurumdan bir emir almamız halinde 					yasal bir yükümlülüğe uymak için işleyebiliriz.

Kişisel verileri kullanma amaçlarımız aşağıda daha ayrıntılı olarak açıklanmaktadır:

Hizmetlerimizi kolaylaştırmak, işletmek ve sağlamak için;
Oyuncularımızın kimliğini doğrulamak ve ek özelliklere erişmelerine izin vermek için;
Kullanıcılarımıza müşteri hizmetleri, yardım ve teknik destek hizmetleri sağlamak için;
Oyundaki diğer oyuncularla etkileşime girmenizi sağlamak için;
Profilinizi ve arkadaş listenizi kişiselleştirerek dahil olmak üzere ortak veya kişisel tercihlere, 					deneyimlere ve zorluklara dayalı olarak hizmetleri ve kullanıcı deneyiminizi daha da geliştirmek, 					özelleştirmek ve iyileştirmek için;
Yeniden hedefleme amaçları dahil olmak üzere tercihlerinize, bizim veya Hizmet Sağlayıcılarına 					sunulan diğer verilere bağlı olarak oyunlar içi ilerleme ve faaliyete dayalı bağlamsal, davranışsal ve 					ilgi alanına dayalı reklamları daha etkili bir şekilde yönetmek ve sunmak için;
Kullanıcılarımızla (e-posta, Facebook, anlık bildirimler veya diğer mevcut kanallar aracılığıyla) genel veya 					kişiselleştirilmiş hizmetlerle ilgili mesajlar (satın alma onayları veya sistem bakım bildirimleri gibi) ve 					promosyon mesajlarıyla (oyunların güncellemeleri, bonuslar, yeni özellikler, VIP hizmetleri vb.) 					iletişim kurmak, belirli etkinlik ve promosyonları kolaylaştırmak, desteklemek ve sunmak için;
Dolandırıcılık, hata veya herhangi bir yasa dışı veya yasaklanmış faaliyet risklerini önlemek ve azaltmak 					amacıyla veri güvenliği önlemlerimizi desteklemek ve geliştirmek için;
Bizim veya Hizmet Sağlayıcılarımızın ilgili hizmetlerimizi sağlamak ve geliştirmek için kullanabileceği 					toplu istatistiksel veriler, kişisel olmayan veriler veya anonimleştirilmiş veya takma ad verilmiş (kişisel 					olmayacak şekilde düzenlenmiş) veriler oluşturmak için ve
Geçerli yasa ve düzenlemelere uymak için.

3. Saklama ve Muhafaza Etme
Gizlilik yasaları yargı bölgelerine göre değişiklik gösterebilirken Moon Active, kişisel verilerinizin 				bağlı kuruluşları ve hizmet sağlayıcıları tarafından güvenli ve yasal bir şekilde ve genel endüstri 				uygulamalarına uygun olarak, kendi yargı alanlarında başvurulabilir daha düşük yasal gerekliliklere 				bakılmaksızın işlenmesini sağlamak için makul adımlar atmıştır. 
İlişkimizi sürdürmek ve hizmetlerimizi size sunmak için kişisel verilerinizi saklarız. Kişisel 				Verilerinizi, yalnızca toplama amaçlarımızı yerine getirmek için gerekli olduğu sürece 				saklayacağız. Başka bir deyişle, kişisel verilerinizi kullanıcımız kaldığınız ve aksi bir durumda bize bildirimde 				bulunmadığınız sürece saklarız. Hesabınızı silerseniz kişisel verilerinizi silmek için makul 				önlemler alacağız. Kişisel verilerinizi, veri saklama politikamıza uygun olarak, yasal ve muhasebe 				amaçları için de saklayabiliriz (örn., kayıt ve defter tutma için geçerli yasaların 				gerektirdiği şekilde ve kullanımınızı durdurmanızın ardından herhangi bir yasal sorunun ortaya çıkması 				durumunda ilişkimizle ilgili kanıt elde etmek için). Veri Saklama Politikamız hakkında herhangi bir sorunuz 				varsa, lütfen bizimle https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/tr adresinden 				iletişime geçin.
Lütfen geçerli yasaların gerektirdiği durumlar haricinde, verilerinizi belirli bir süre boyunca 				saklamak zorunda olmayacağımızı ve herhangi bir nedenle ve herhangi bir zamanda, size bildirimde bulunarak veya 				bulunmayarak güvenli bir şekilde silmekte özgür olduğumuzu unutmayın.
Bazı durumlarda, Kişisel Verilerinizi artık sizinle ilişkilendirilemeyecek şekilde anonim hale getirebiliriz, bu 				durumda bu tür bilgileri size daha fazla bildirimde bulunmadan kullanabiliriz ve bu Gizlilik Politikası 				kapsamında artık Kişisel Veri olarak kabul edilmez.
4. Kişisel Verilerin Silinmesi ve Hesapların 					Kapatılması
Bu Gizlilik Politikasında belirtilen diğer haklara ek olarak (Aday Gizlilik Eki'nde belirtilenler hariç), 				dilediğiniz zaman ilgili Oyundaki "Hesap Silme" düğmesine erişerek ve talimatları izleyerek Moon Active'e 				Kişisel Verilerinizi silme talimatı verebilirsiniz. Bu seçeneğin seçilmesi, Hesabınızın kapatılmasına 				ve tüm oyun geçmişinizin, satın alma bilgilerinizin, sosyal medya giriş bilgilerinizin ve Oyunla 				bağlantılı olarak sizinle ilişkili diğer bilgilerin silinmesine neden olacaktır. Silme işlemi geri 				döndürülemez. Birden fazla Oyuna sahip Hesaplar bulunduruyorsanız her birinin kapatılmasını talep 				etmelisiniz.
Talebinizi aldıktan sonra derhal yerine getireceğiz, ancak lütfen işleme alınması için biraz zaman 				tanıyın. İlgili yasalar uyarınca tutmamız gereken Kişisel Verilerin bir kopyasını da saklama hakkımızı saklı 				tutarız.
5. Veri Paylaşımı
Verilerinizi; kolluk kuvvetleri, Hizmet Sağlayıcılarımız ve bağlı kuruluşlarımız dahil olmak üzere belirli 				üçüncü taraflarla paylaşabiliriz.  Verileri paylaştığımız koşullar aşağıda 				özetlenmiştir:

Yasalara, Yasal Emirlere ve Yetkililere Uymak: Bir mahkeme celbi, arama emri veya mahkeme emrine 					(veya benzer bir gereklilik) cevaben veya ulusal güvenlik amaçları dahil olmak üzere 					geçerli yasa ve yönetmeliklere uygun olarak hükümet ve kanun uygulayıcı yetkililerin 					belirli kişisel verilere erişmesine izin verebilir veya bunları ifşa edebiliriz. Bu tür bir ifşa veya 					erişim, yasal olarak bunu yapmaya mecbur olduğumuza inanacak sebeplerimiz varsa veya ifşanın, gerçek veya 					şüpheli yasa dışı bir faaliyet, dolandırıcılık veya diğer suçlarla ilgili araştırma, önleme 					veya işlem yapma çabalarıyla bağlantılı olarak size bildirimde bulunarak veya bulunmadan yapılabilir.
				
Hizmet Sağlayıcıları: Hizmetlerimizi tamamlayıcı hizmetler gerçekleştirmeleri için 					seçilmiş üçüncü taraf şirketleri, yüklenicileri ve bireyleri (ör. hosting 					hizmetleri, veri analizi hizmetleri, pazarlama ve reklam hizmetleri ve araçları, veri ve siber 					güvenlik hizmetleri, dolandırıcılık algılama ve önleme hizmetleri, ödeme işleme hizmetleri, 					müşteri destek ortakları, harici moderatörler ve test ediciler, kullanıcı katılım hizmetleri, e-posta 					dağıtımı ve izleme hizmetleri, oturum kaydı ve iş, hukuk, finans ve uyum danışmanlarımız) (toplu olarak, 					"Hizmet Sağlayıcılar") görevlendirebiliriz. Bu hizmet sağlayıcılar, hizmetlerimizi 					kolaylaştırma ve tamamlama konusundaki belirli rollerine ve amaçlarına bağlı olarak kişisel verilerinize 					erişebilir ve yalnızca Kişisel Verilerinizi yalnızca kendilerine talimat verdiğimiz amaçlar doğrultusunda 					işleyebilir. Meşru iş amaçları için Hizmet Sağlayıcılarımızla anonim, istatistiksel veya toplu 					bilgileri de paylaşabiliriz.
Üçüncü Taraf Entegrasyonları: Hizmetler, Facebook, Google veya Apple hesabınızı 					belirli bir oyuna bağlamak, Google, Facebook ile giriş yapmak ya da Apple ile oturum açmak veya 					 satın alma işlemleri yapmak gibi belirli üçüncü taraf hizmetleriyle entegre olmanıza 					izin verir, bu durumda söz konusu üçüncü tarafların hüküm ve koşullarına ve 					gizlilik bildirimlerine bağlı olursunuz. (örneğin, Apple, Google veya Facebook) - bu yüzden 					lütfen önceden bunları okuyup kabul ettiğinizden emin olun. Bu üçüncü şahıs 					hizmetlerinden herhangi biri için şifrelerinizi almıyor veya saklamıyoruz.
Hakların ve Güvenliğin Korunması: Moon Active'in haklarını, mülkiyetini veya kişisel 					güvenliğini korumaya yardımcı olacağına inanıyorsak, kişisel verilerinizi, size bildirimde bulunarak veya 					bulunmayarak kullanıcılarımızdan herhangi biri veya genel halktan biri ile paylaşabiliriz.
Moon Active Bağlı Ortaklıkları ve Şirketleri: Kişisel verileri, bu Gizlilik Politikasında 					açıklanan amaçlar doğrultusunda şirket ailemiz içinde dahili olarak paylaşabiliriz. Ek 					olarak, Moon Active veya bağlı kuruluşlarından herhangi birinin, birleşme, satın alma veya büyük 					ölçüde tüm varlıklarının satın alınması dahil olmak üzere kontrolünde herhangi 					bir değişikliğe uğraması durumunda, kişisel verileriniz bu tür olaylara dahil olan taraflarla 					paylaşılabilir. Bu tür bir kontrol değişikliğinin kişisel verilerinizi önemli ölçüde 					etkileyebileceğine inanıyorsak, bu durumu ve hizmetlerimizle ilgili e-posta ve/veya önemli bildirimler 					yoluyla sahip olabileceğiniz seçenekleri size bildiririz.

Şüpheye mahal vermemek adına Moon Active, kişisel bilgilerinizi, açık onayınız çerçevesinde 				veya yasal olarak zorunlu kılınmış olmamız halinde veya bu veriyi başarıyla kişisel olmayan ve isimsiz hale getirmiş 				olmamız halinde paylaşabiliriz. Kişisel olmayan verileri tamamen kendi takdirimize bağlı olarak ve daha fazla onaya 				gerek kalmadan aktarabilir, paylaşabilir veya başka şekilde kullanabiliriz.
6. İletişim

Hizmet Bildirimleri:Hizmetlerimizle ilgili önemli bilgiler için sizinle iletişim 					kurabiliriz. Örneğin, hizmetlerimizdeki değişiklikler veya güncellemeler, faturalama sorunları vb.
					hakkında sizi bilgilendirebiliriz (bize sunulan herhangi bir yolla). Bu tür hizmet bildirimlerini almayı 					bırakamazsınız.
Promosyon Bildirimleri:Bizden bu tür bildirimleri almak için kaydolduysanız, sizi yeni 					hizmetler, etkinlikler ve özel fırsatlar veya değerli bulacağınızı düşündüğümüz 					diğer bilgiler hakkında da bilgilendirebiliriz. Bu tür bildirimleri, bize sunulan herhangi bir iletişim 					aracıyla (ör. telefon, cep telefonu veya e-posta), hizmetler aracılığıyla veya diğer sitelerdeki veya 					platformlardaki pazarlama kampanyalarımız aracılığıyla sağlayabiliriz.

Bu tür promosyon haberlerini alma onayınızı istediğiniz zaman geri çekme hakkına sahipsiniz.  				Bunu, https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/tr adresinden 				bizimle iletişime geçerek veya aldığınız promosyon iletişimlerindeki "abonelikten çık", "durdur" veya 				"e-posta tercihlerini değiştir" talimatlarını uygulayarak yapabilirsiniz.
7. Veri Güvenliği
Bizde ve hizmet sağlayıcılarımızda tutulan kişisel verilerinizi korumak için gerektiği hallerde şifreleme 				dahil olmak üzere uygun fiziksel, prosedürel ve elektronik güvenlik önlemlerini kullanırız.
				Ancak, kullanılan güvenlik önlemi ne olursa olsun, bizde veya herhangi bir üçüncü 				tarafta depolanan kişisel verilerin mutlak korunmasını ve güvenliğini garanti edemeyeceğimizi lütfen 				unutmayın. Hizmetlerle ilgili herhangi bir güvenlik veya güvenlik açığı sorunu keşfederseniz, 				info@moonactive.com adresine bir e-posta göndermelisiniz.
8. Çerezler ve İzleme Teknolojileri
Hizmetlerimiz ve bazı Hizmet Sağlayıcılarımız, Hizmetlerimizi sunmamıza ve iyileştirmemize, deneyiminizi 				kişiselleştirmemize ve Uygulamalarımızın, Oyunlarımızın ve Hizmetlerimizin bir bütün olarak kullanımının 				yanı sıra faaliyetlerimizin ve kampanyalarımızın performansını izlememize yardımcı olan "çerezler", anonim 				tanımlayıcılar ve diğer izleme teknolojilerini (topluca "İzleme Teknolojileri") kullanır. Daha 				fazla bilgi edinmek için lütfen Çerez Politikamızı ziyaret edin.
9. Reklam
Oyunlarımız, üçüncü taraf hizmetleri ve ürünleri için reklam içerir.
				Biz ve reklam ortaklarımız, ilgi alanına dayalı reklamcılığın yanı sıra hedefleme, reklam ölçüm ve 				ilişkilendirme sistemleri de dahil olmak üzere, reklam uygulamalarımızı iyileştirmek ve sunduğumuz reklamları 				daha etkili, alakalı ve eğlenceli hale getirmek için sizinle ilgili belirli verileri kullanırız.
Bu tür veriler, cihaz reklam tanımlayıcılarınızı (örneğin IDFA veya Reklam Kimliği), bağlı Facebook, Google 				veya Apple profilinizle ilgili verileri (varsa, cinsiyetiniz, bölgeniz veya ülkeniz gibi), oyun 				içeriği, oyun içi kullanıcı kimliği, ürün etkileşim verisi ve bizim veya reklam 				ortaklarımızın, izninize veya başka bir yasal dayanağa bağlı olarak sizden ya da sizin hakkınızdaki almış 				olabileceği diğer demografik bilgileri ve ilgi alanlarınızı içerir.(örn., size ilgili hizmetlerimizi 				sağlamak için gerekli olduğu şekilde veya yukarıdaki Bölüm 3'te tanımladığımız meşru menfaatlere 				dayalı olarak).
Bizim veya reklam ortaklarımızın sunduğu reklamlar, oyunlarımızda, hizmetlerimizde veya üçüncü 				taraf web siteleri ve uygulamaları gibi diğer kanallar aracılığıyla gösterilebilir.
Bu gizlilik politikası, sahip olmadığımız veya kontrol etmediğimiz şirketlerin veya yönetmediğimiz 				çalışanları ile hizmet sağlayıcılarının uygulamaları için geçerli değildir. Hizmetlerimiz 				aracılığıyla reklamı yapılan sitelere, uygulamalara veya hizmetlere verdiğiniz her türlü bilgi, burada 				belirtilen ilgili gizlilik politikaları kapsamında olacaktır. Lütfen ziyaret ettiğiniz veya bilgilerinize 				erişim izni verdiğiniz üçüncü taraf uygulamalarının, hizmetlerinin ve sitelerinin gizlilik 				politikalarını okuduğunuzdan emin olun. Onlara verdiğiniz herhangi bir bilgiyi korumak, bu 				üçüncü şahısların sorumluluğundadır, bu nedenle kişisel olarak tanımlayıcı bilgilerinizi 				kullanmalarından sorumlu tutulmayız. Daha fazla bilgi edinmek için lütfen Çerez Politikamızı ziyaret edin.

İlgi alanına dayalı reklamcılıkla ilgili tercihlerinizi nasıl ayarlayabilirsiniz?Cihazınızın 					reklam kimliğinin veya diğer tanımlayıcıların ilgi alanına dayalı reklamcılık için kullanılmasını 					önlemek istiyorsanız, bu tür reklam kimliğini sıfırlamak veya bu tür reklamları devre dışı 					bırakmak için cihaz ayarlarınızı değiştirebilirsiniz (tipik olarak bu, "Gizlilik" menüsü veya 					cihaz ayarlarınızdaki "Reklamlar" bölümü altında bulunur). ABD, Kanada veya Avrupa'da 					yaşıyorsanız, www.aboutads.info/choices (ABD kullanıcıları için), www.youradchoices.ca/choices (Kanadalı 					kullanıcılar için), www.youronlinechoices.eu (Avrupalı kullanıcılar için) adreslerini ziyaret 					ederek Dijital Reklamcılık Alliance'a katılan reklam ortaklarımız tarafından verilerinizin toplanması 					seçeneğini de devre dışı bırakabilirsiniz.Reklam kimliğinizi sıfırlarsanız veya ilgi alanına dayalı 					reklamcılığı devre dışı bırakırsanız, oyunlarımızda veya diğer kanallarda yine de reklamlar 					görebileceğinizi, ancak bu reklamların yukarıda belirtilen tanımlayıcılara göre hedeflenmeyeceğini 					lütfen unutmayın. Örneğin, bu tür reklamlar oyunlardaki ilerlemeniz ve eylemleriniz veya dil 					tercihleriniz gibi bağlama dayalı olabilir. Lütfen bu tür eylemlerin daha az keyifli bir kullanıcı 					deneyimiyle sonuçlanabileceğini unutmayın.
Toplu ve analitik bilgilerBu konuda standart analiz araçlarını kullanabiliriz. Bu 					araçların gizlilik uygulamaları kendi gizlilik politikalarına tabidir ve hizmetlerini sunmak için 					kendi çerezlerini kullanabilirler (çerezler hakkında daha fazla bilgi için lütfen 					Çerez Politikası bölümüne bakın).Google Analytics'in standart analiz 					araçlarını kullanıyoruz ve zaman zaman başka analiz araçlarını da kullanabiliriz. Bu 					araçların gizlilik uygulamaları kendi gizlilik politikalarına tabidir. Daha fazla bilgi edinmek 					için lütfen Çerez Politikamızı ziyaret edin.
Google Ürünleri: Google, oyunlarımızda reklam sunmak için sitemizin ve/veya bir 					SDK'nın kullanımını izlemek ve analiz etmek için çerezler gibi teknolojileri kullanır. Google'ın 					verileri nasıl işlediği hakkında daha fazla bilgi edinmek için, 					https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites adresinde bulunan Google politikalarını incelemenizi 					öneririz. Ek bilgi için lütfen Google Analytics’in şurada kullanılabilir olan devre dışı 					bırakma web aracına bakın: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. Google SDK'nın işlediği ve depoladığı 					verilerle ilgili ek bilgi için bkz: https://support.google.com/admob/answer/7665968

10. Veri Sahibi Hakları - Avrupa Ekonomik Alanı, 					İsviçre ve Birleşik Krallık
Hakkında Kişisel Verileri işlediğimiz Avrupa Ekonomik Alanı'nda (AEA), İsviçre'de veya Birleşik Krallık'ta 				(BK) ikamet ediyorsanız

Şu haklara sahipsiniz:


Kişisel Verilerinize erişim talep etme hakkına sahipsiniz (genellikle "veri 					sahibi erişim talebi" olarak bilinir). Bu, hakkınızda tuttuğumuz Kişisel Verilerin bir kopyasını almanızı ve 					bunları yasal olarak işleyip işlemediğimizi kontrol etmenizi sağlar.
Hakkınızda tuttuğumuz Kişisel Verilerin düzeltilmesini talep etme hakkına  Bu, hakkınızda 					elimizde bulunan eksik veya yanlış bilgilerin düzeltilmesini sağlar.
Kişisel Verilerinizin silinmesini talep etme hakkına  Bu, Kişisel Verileri işlemeye devam 					etmemiz için iyi bir neden olmadığında, bizden Kişisel Verileri silmemizi veya kaldırmamızı istemenize 					olanak tanır. Ayrıca, işlemeye itiraz etme hakkınızı kullandığınız durumlarda Kişisel Verilerinizi silmemizi 					veya kaldırmamızı talep etme hakkına da sahipsiniz (aşağıya bakınız).
Meşru bir menfaate (veya bir üçüncü şahsın menfaatine) dayandığımız ve özel 					durumunuzla ilgili olarak bu gerekçeyle işlemeye itiraz etmenize neden olan bir şey olduğunda, Kişisel 					Verilerinizin işlenmesine itiraz etme hakkına  Ayrıca, Kişisel Verilerinizi doğrudan pazarlama 					amaçları için işlediğimize itiraz etme hakkınız da bulunmaktadır.
Kişisel Verilerinizin işlenmesinin kısıtlanmasını talep etme hakkına  Bu, örneğin 					doğruluğunu veya işleme nedenini belirlememizi istiyorsanız, hakkınızdaki Kişisel Verilerin işlenmesini askıya 					almamızı istemenizi sağlar.
Kişisel Verilerinizin başka bir tarafa aktarılmasını talep etme hakkına
Genellikle ücret gerekmez.Kişisel Verilerinize erişmek (veya diğer haklarınızdan 					herhangi birini kullanmak) için herhangi bir ücret ödemeniz gerekmeyecektir. Ancak, erişim 					talebiniz açık bir şekilde temelsiz veya aşırı ise makul bir ücret talep edebiliriz. Alternatif 					olarak, bu gibi durumlarda talebi yerine getirmeyi reddedebiliriz.
Sizden neye ihtiyacımız olabilir.Kimliğinizi doğrulamamıza ve bilgilere erişme hakkınızı 					(veya diğer haklarınızdan herhangi birini kullanma) sağlamamıza yardımcı olması için sizden belirli 					bilgiler talep etmemiz gerekebilir. Bu, Kişisel Verilerin, bunları alma hakkı olmayan herhangi bir kişiye ifşa 					edilmemesini sağlamak için başka bir uygun güvenlik önlemidir.
Rızayı Geri Çekme Hakkı.Kişisel Verilerinizin belirli bir amaç için 					toplanmasına, işlenmesine ve aktarılmasına izin vermiş olabileceğiniz sınırlı durumlarda, dilediğiniz zaman 					söz konusu belirli işleme için rızanızı geri çekme hakkına sahipsiniz. Rızanızı geri 					çekmek için lütfen info@moonactive.com ile iletişime geçin. Rızanızı geri 					çektiğinize dair bir bildirim aldığımızda, yasal olarak bunu yapmak için başka bir meşru 					dayanağımız olmadığı sürece, bilgilerinizi başlangıçta kabul ettiğiniz amaç veya 					amaçlar için artık işlemeyiz.

Geçerli kanun [örneğin Genel Veri Koruma Tüzüğü (GDPR) ya da Birleşik Krallık GDPR] 				kapsamındaki haklarınızı kullanmak isterseniz lütfen bizimle buradan iletişime geçin.
Avrupa Ekonomik Alanı (AEA) veya Birleşik Krallık'ta ikamet ediyorsanız mailto:dpr@moonactive.com adresinden Avrupa Ekonomik Alanı veya Birleşik 				Krallık temsilcimizle de iletişime geçebilirsiniz.
Sizin hakkınızda edindiğimiz bilgileri Facebook, Apple veya Google gibi oyunlarımızı oynadığınız 				üçüncü taraf bir uygulamadan veya platformdan yönetmek istiyorsanız, lütfen 				bilgilerinizi güncellemek ve gizlilik ayarlarınızı değiştirmek için üçüncü taraf 				uygulamasının talimatlarını izleyin.
Bir veri koruma denetleme otoritesine şikayette bulunma hakkına sahipsiniz.  Avrupa Ekonomik Alanı’nda 				(AEA) ikamet edenler için Ulusal denetim otoritenizin bilgilerini https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en bağlantısında 				bulabilirsiniz. Birleşik Krallık'ta ikamet edenler, https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/ üzerinden Bilgi 				Komisyonu Ofisi ile iletişime geçebilirler.
11. Veri Aktarımları
Kişisel Verileriniz, Hizmetlerimizin uygun şekilde sunulması için gerekli olduğu gibi veya yasaların 				gerektirdiği şekilde, Amerika Birleşik Devletleri ve diğer yargı bölgelerindeki Moon Active ve yetkili 				iştiraklerimiz ve Hizmet Sağlayıcılarımız tarafından sürdürülebilir, işlenebilir, erişilebilir ve 				saklanabilir. Moon Active; Birleşik Krallık, İsviçre ve Avrupa Komisyonu yetkilileri tarafından Avrupa 				Ekonomik Alanı (AEA) ve Birleşik Krallık'ta ikamet edenlerin Kişisel Verileri için yeterli düzeyde 				koruma sunduğu kabul edilen bir yargı yetkisine dayanmaktadır.
Hakkınızda topladığımız Kişisel Verileri sizinle olan sözleşmemizi yerine getirmek için AEA, 				İsviçre veya Birleşik Krallık dışına aktarabiliriz. Kişisel Verilerinizin yeterli düzeyde koruma altında 				olmasını sağlamak amacıyla Kişisel Verilerinizin bu üçüncü taraflarca veri korumayla ilgili AB 				ve Birleşik Krallık yasalarına uygun ve uyumlu bir şekilde ele alınmasını sağlamak için aşağıdaki 				önlemleri uygulamaya koyduk: Standart Sözleşme Maddeleri ve AB yeterlilik belirlemesine tabi olan 				ülkeler. Koruyucu önlemler hakkında daha fazla bilgiye ihtiyacınız varsa Bölüm 13'teki bilgileri 				kullanarak bizimle iletişime geçebilirsiniz.
12. Küçükler
Aşağıdaki oyunlar, on altı (16) yaş ve üzeri olan kişiler tarafından oynanabilir: "My Café: Recipes 				and stories", "Toy Defense", "Toy Defense 2", "Toy Defense: Fantasy", "Fish Now.io", "Tile Tactics", "Family 				Island", "My Pizza Restaurant", "Zen Match", "Travel Town".
Diğer tüm Oyunlar ve Hizmetler yalnızca on sekiz (18) yaşından büyük veya yargı bölgenizdeki 				yasal reşit olma yaşından büyük bireyler tarafından oynanabilir.
Herhangi bir aşamada yaş kanıtı veya ebeveyn izni talep etme hakkımız saklıdır. Geçerli yaşın altında 				olduğundan şüphelendiğimiz kullanıcıları engelleyebiliriz. Gayri reşit kişilerden bilerek veri toplamıyoruz ve 				bunu yapmak istemiyoruz. Gayri reşit bir kişinin hizmetleri kullandığını veya oyunlarımızdan herhangi birini 				oynadığını öğrenirsek, bu tür kullanımı yasaklayabilir ve engelleyebiliriz ve bu gayri reşit kişilerle 				ilgili olarak bizde depolanan kişisel verileri derhal silmek için her türlü çabayı sarf 				ederiz.
Bu tür verilere sahip olabileceğimizi düşünüyorsanız, lütfen bizimle https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/tr adresinden 				iletişime geçin.
13. Değişiklikler ve Kontrol Versiyonu
Hizmetlerimizde değiştirilmiş bir versiyon yayınlayarak bu Gizlilik Politikasını zaman zaman değiştirebiliriz.
				Değiştirilen versiyon, yayımlanan geçerlilik tarihi itibariyle geçerli olacaktır. Bize sunulan 				iletişim araçlarından herhangi biri aracılığıyla veya hizmetlerde önemli değişiklikler olması durumunda 				önceden bildirimde bulunacağız. Bu bildirim süresinden sonra, tüm değişiklikler sizin tarafınızdan 				kabul edilmiş sayılacaktır. Yeni veya değiştirilmiş gizlilik politikasının şartlarına bağlı kalmayı kabul 				etmiyorsanız hizmetleri kullanmayı bırakmanız gerekir.
Gizlilik Politikası, işbu gizlilik politikasının orijinal ve denetleyici sürümü olan İngilizce dilinde 				hazırlanmıştır. İşbu gizlilik politikasının diğer dillere çevirileri sadece kolaylık sağlamak içindir 				ve bu gizlilik politikasının anlamı veya uygulaması üzerinde herhangi bir etki oluşturmayacaktır. Gizlilik 				politikasının tercüme edilmiş versiyonları ile İngilizce versiyonunun anlamları arasında herhangi bir 				tutarsızlık olması durumunda, İngilizce versiyonun anlamı geçerli olacaktır.
14. Bize Ulaşın
Bu gizlilik politikası hakkında herhangi bir yorumunuz, sorunuz ya da gizliliğinizle ilgili herhangi bir endişeniz 				varsa ya da Moon Active'in Veri Koruma Müdürüyle iletişime geçmek için 				lütfen buradaki bağlantıyı 				kullanın.
AB veya Birleşik Krallık'ta ikamet ediyorsanız, dpr@moonactive.com adresinden AB veya Birleşik Krallık temsilcimizle 				de iletişime geçebilirsiniz.
 
 
EK A
Aday Gizlilik Eki
Moon Active, Kişisel Verilerinizin gizliliğini ve güvenliğini korumayı taahhüt eder. Bu Aday Gizlilik Eki, 				geçerli veri koruma mevzuatına uygun olarak, bizimle çalışma ilişkiniz öncesinde sizinle ilgili 				Kişisel Verileri nasıl topladığımızı ve kullandığımızı açıklamaktadır. Çalışan, işçi veya 				yüklenici olarak pozisyonlardaki tüm adaylar için geçerlidir.
Bu Aday Gizlilik Eki, Moon Active ile istihdam ve yüklenici rolleri için başvuran adaylar adına 				geçerlidir. Bu Aday Gizlilik Eki, herhangi bir iş sözleşmesinin veya hizmet sunmaya yönelik diğer 				sözleşmelerin bir parçasını oluşturmaz. Bu bildirimi dilediğimiz zamanda güncelleyebiliriz.
Bu Aday Gizlilik Eki'ni bu tür bilgileri nasıl ve neden kullandığımızı ve geçerli veri koruma mevzuatı 				kapsamındaki haklarınızın neler olduğunu bilmeniz için Gizlilik Politikamız ve sizinle ilgili Kişisel 				Verileri toplarken veya işlerken belirli durumlarda size sunabileceğimiz diğer gizlilik bildirimleriyle birlikte 				okumanız önemlidir.
A. Veri Koruma İlkeleri:
Hakkınızda tuttuğumuz Kişisel Verilerin aşağıdaki gibi olmasını gerektiren veri koruma yasasına uyacağız:

Hukuka uygun, adil ve şeffaf bir şekilde kullanılır;
Yalnızca size açıkça açıkladığımız geçerli amaçlar için toplanır ve bu 					amaçlarla bağdaşmayan hiçbir şekilde kullanılmaz;
Size bahsettiğimiz amaçlarla ilgili ve sadece bu amaçlarla sınırlıdır;
Doğru ve güncel tutulur;
Sadece size bahsettiğimiz amaçlar için gerekli olduğu kadar tutulur ve
Güvenli bir şekilde tutulur.

B. Elimizde Tuttuğumuz Hakkınızdaki Bilgi Türleri:
Kişisel veriler veya Kişisel Veriler, bir kişi hakkında o kişinin tanımlanabileceği her türlü bilgi 				anlamına gelir. Kimliğin kaldırıldığı verileri (anonim veriler) içermez. Bir kişinin sağlığı veya cinsel 				yönelimi hakkında bilgi gibi daha yüksek düzeyde koruma gerektiren daha hassas kişisel verilerin 				“özel kategorileri” vardır.
Sizinle ilgili aşağıdaki Kişisel Veri kategorilerini toplayabilir, saklayabilir ve kullanabiliriz:

Ad, unvan, adresler, telefon numaraları ve kişisel e-posta adresleri gibi kişisel iletişim bilgileri.
Doğum tarihi.
Cinsiyet.
En yakın akraba ve acil durum iletişim bilgileri.
İstihdamın veya iş yerinin konumu.
İşe alım bilgileri (çalışma hakkı belgelerinin kopyaları, referanslar ve bir öz geçmiş veya 					ön yazıya dahil edilen veya başvuru sürecinin bir parçası olan diğer bilgiler dahil).
İstihdam kayıtları (unvanlar, çalışma geçmişi, çalışma saatleri, tatiller, eğitim kayıtları 					ve profesyonel üyelikler dahil).
Tazminat geçmişi.
Performans bilgileri.
Disiplin ve şikayet bilgileri.
CCTV görüntüleri ve varsa, görüşme sürecinde kart kayıtları gibi elektronik 					yollarla elde edilen diğer bilgiler.
Fotoğraflar.
Birleşik Krallık'ta, HMRC istihdam durumu kontrolünün sonuçları, hizmetlerinizin sunulduğu 					aracıyla olan ilginiz ve bağlantınızla ilgili ayrıntılar.

C. Kişisel Bilgileriniz Nasıl Toplanır?
Adaylarla ilgili Kişisel Verileri, doğrudan adaylardan veya bazen bir iş bulma kurumundan başvuru ve işe alım 				süreci aracılığıyla topluyoruz. Bazen eski iş verenler de dahil olmak üzere üçüncü 				taraflardan ek bilgiler toplayabiliriz.
D. Hakkınızdaki Bilgileri Nasıl Kullanacağız:
Kişisel Verilerinizi yalnızca yasa bize izin verdiğinde ve bunu yapmak için yasal bir nedenimiz olduğunda 				kullanacağız. En yaygın olarak, Kişisel Verilerinizi işlemek için aşağıdaki yasal gerekçelere 				güveneceğiz:

Bunu yapmak için rızanız olduğunda (“Rıza”).
Sizinle yaptığımız sözleşmeyi ifa etmemiz veya sizinle bir sözleşme akdetmek için adımlar 					atmamız gerektiğinde (“Sözleşme”).
Yasal bir yükümlülüğe (“Yasal Yükümlülük”) 					uymamız gerektiğinde.
Meşru menfaatlerimiz (veya bir üçüncü şahsın menfaatleri) için gerektiğinde ve 					sizin menfaatleriniz ve temel haklarınız bu menfaatleri ("Meşru Menfaatler") geçersiz 					kılmaz.

Talep edildiğinde belirli bilgileri sağlamazsanız, açık bir pozisyon için uygunluğunuzu veya 				elverişliliğinizi değerlendiremeyebiliriz veya yasal yükümlülüklerimizi yerine getirmemiz 				engellenebilir.
Kişisel Verilerinizi, başka bir nedenle kullanmamız gerektiğini makul bir şekilde düşünmedikçe ve bu 				nedenin asıl amaçla uyumlu olduğunu düşünmedikçe, yalnızca topladığımız amaçlar 				için kullanacağız. Kişisel Verilerinizi ilgisiz bir amaç için kullanmamız gerekirse sizi 				bilgilendireceğiz ve bunu yapmamıza izin veren yasal dayanağı açıklayacağız.
Kişisel Verilerinizi, yasaların gerektirdiği veya izin verdiği durumlarda, yukarıdaki kurallara uygun olarak bilginiz 				veya rızanız olmadan işleyebileceğimizi lütfen unutmayın.
Hakkınızda elimizde bulundurduğumuz Kişisel Verilerin doğru ve güncel olması önemlidir. Lütfen 				adaylığınız esnasında Kişisel Verilerinizdeki değişikliklerden bizi haberdar edin.
E. Veri Paylaşımı:
Verilerinizi, üçüncü taraf Hizmet Sağlayıcılar ve Moon Active'deki diğer kuruluşlar dahil olmak 				üzere üçüncü taraflarla paylaşmamız gerekebilir.
Üçüncü tarafların verilerinizin güvenliğine saygı duymasını ve bunları yasalara uygun 				olarak işlemesini şart koşuyoruz. Kişisel Verilerinizi AB dışına aktarabiliriz ve bunu yaparsak Kişisel 				Verilerinizin yeterince korunmasını sağlayacağız. Daha fazla bilgi için lütfen Gizlilik Politikamızın 				10. bölümüne bakın.

Kişisel Verilerimi neden üçüncü taraflarla paylaşabilirsiniz?Kişisel 					Verilerinizi, yasaların gerektirdiği durumlarda, sizinle çalışma ilişkisini yönetmenin gerekli 					olduğu veya başka bir meşru menfaatimizin olduğu durumlarda üçüncü taraflarla paylaşırız.
				
Hangi üçüncü taraf Hizmet Sağlayıcılar Kişisel Verilerimi 						işler?"Üçüncü taraflar", üçüncü taraf Hizmet 					Sağlayıcıları (yükleniciler ve tayin edilmiş acenteler dahil) içerir. Aşağıdaki Hizmet Sağlayıcılar, 					sizinle ilgili Kişisel Verileri aşağıdaki amaçlarla işler:
					
Comeet – işe alım


Bilgilerim, Hizmet Sağlayıcılar ve grubumuzdaki diğer kuruluşlar ile ne kadar 						güvendedir?Tüm Hizmet Sağlayıcılarımızın, Kişisel Verilerinizi politikalarımız 					doğrultusunda korumak için uygun güvenlik önlemlerini almaları gerekmektedir. Hizmet 					Sağlayıcılarımızın kişisel verilerinizi kendi amaçları için kullanmalarına izin vermeyiz. Kişisel 					verilerinizi yalnızca belirtilen amaçlar için ve talimatlarımıza uygun olarak işlemelerine izin 					veriyoruz.
Peki ya diğer üçüncü taraflar?Kişisel Verilerinizi bir düzenleyici ile 					paylaşmamız veya yasalara uymamız gerekebilir.

F. Erişim, Düzeltme, Silme ve Kısıtlama Hakları
Avrupa Ekonomik Alan (AEA) veya Birleşik Krallık'ta ikamet ediyorsanız belirli koşullar altında, Gizlilik 				Politikamızın 9. Bölümünde belirtilen veri sahibi haklarına sahip olma hakkına sahipsiniz. Kişisel 				Verilerinizi incelemek, doğrulamak, düzeltmek veya silinmesini talep etmek, kişisel verilerinizin işlenmesine 				itiraz etmek veya Kişisel Verilerinizin bir kopyasını başka bir tarafa aktarmamızı talep etmek isterseniz 				lütfen bu Gizlilik Politikası Bölüm 9'a bakın.
G. Veri Saklama
Kişisel Verilerinizi, yürürlükteki yasa ve yönetmeliklere uygun olarak herhangi bir yasal, 				muhasebe veya raporlama gerekliliklerini yerine getirme amaçları da dahil olmak üzere, yalnızca toplama 				amaçlarımızı yerine getirmek için gerekli olduğu sürece saklayacağız. Kişisel veriler için 				uygun saklama süresini belirlemek amacıyla, kişisel verilerin miktarını, niteliğini ve hassasiyetini, kişisel 				verilerinizin yetkisiz kullanımından veya ifşa edilmesinden kaynaklanan potansiyel zarar riskini, kişisel 				verilerinizi işleme amaçlarımızı, bu amaçlara başka yollarla ulaşıp ulaşamayacağımızı ve ilgili yasal 				gereklilikleri dikkate alırız. Aday verilerine artık ihtiyacımız kalmadığında, Kişisel Verilerinizi ilgili yasa ve 				yönetmeliklere uygun olarak saklayacak ve güvenli bir şekilde imha edeceğiz.
H. Bize Ulaşın
Herhangi bir sorunuz veya endişeniz için Gizlilik Politikamızın 14. Bölümündeki bilgileri 				kullanarak bizimle iletişime geçebilirsiniz.




Moon Active – Integritetspolicy
Senast reviderad: juni 2023
Moon Active Ltd. Och dess dotterbolag och samarbetspartners (gemensamt, ”Moon Active”, 				”vi”, ”vår” eller 				”oss”) utvecklar, publicerar och driver sociala spel för webb- och 				mobilmiljöer (”spel”) samt webb- och mobilapplikationer (vardera en 				”app”) för att spela våra spel på flera enheter och plattformar (t.ex.
				mobila enheter och Facebook).
Vi driver också webbplatserna www.moonactive.com, 				www.melsoft-games.com, deras underdomäner och relaterade funktioner, så väl som en internetbutik 				(gemensamt, ”webbplatser” som tillsammans med spel och app benämns 				”tjänster”).
Moon Active respekterar din integritet och vi är fast beslutna att göra vår praxis kring hanteringen 				av dina personuppgifter så transparent och rättvis som möjligt. I denna integritetspolicy beskriver 				vi hur vi samlar in, lagrar, använder och delar dina personuppgifter. Integritetspolicyn gäller när 				du besöker våra webbplatser, installerar vår app och spelar våra spel, interagerar med oss 				eller på annat sätt får åtkomst till eller använder någon av våra 				tjänster.
Vi uppmanar starkt att du läser igenom denna integritetspolicy och ser till att du fullt ut 					förstår och samtycker till den. Om du inte samtycker till denna integritetspolicy ska du sluta och 					undvika att använda våra tjänster. Du har rätt att när som helst sluta använda 					våra tjänster enligt denna integritetspolicy.
Moon Active är ”personuppgiftsansvariga”. Det betyder att vi är ansvariga för hur vi 				innehar och använder dina personuppgifter. Vi har, under vissa dataskyddslagar, krav på oss att 				underrätta dig om informationen som finns i denna Integritetspolicy. Du 				är inte enligt lag skyldig att förse oss med några personuppgifter, men 				utan dessa kommer vi inte att kunna förse dig med hela utbudet eller den bästa upplevelsen när du 				använder våra tjänster (till exempel kan du fortfarande spela våra spel utan att ansluta ditt 				Facebook-konto, men du kommer inte att kunna dra nytta av de sociala funktionerna).

Insamling av uppgifter
Användning av uppgifter
Lagring och kvarhållande
Radering av personuppgifter och avslutande av konton

Delning av uppgifter
Kommunikation
Uppgiftssäkerhet
Cookies och spårningstekniker
Reklam
Den registrerades rättigheter – EEA, Schweiz och Storbritannien

Uppgiftsöverföringar
Minderåriga
Korrigeringar och kontroll av version
Kontakta oss

 1. Insamling av uppgifter
Vi samlar in fyra huvudkategorier av uppgifter (och i den mån uppgifter kan möjliggöra identifiering 				av en viss person eller kan kopplas till potentiellt identifierbara uppgifter betraktar vi dessa som 				”personuppgifter”):

Uppgifter som samlas in och genereras automatiskt:När en person besöker, 					interagerar med eller använder våra tjänster, inklusive e-post eller textmeddelanden som skickas 					till den personen av oss eller via våra tjänster, kan vi samla in eller generera tekniska uppgifter 					om den personen. Vi samlar in eller genererar sådana uppgifter antingen på egen hand eller med 					hjälp av tjänster från tredje part, inklusive genom användningen av ”cookies” 					och andra spårningstekniker (som beskrivs närmare nedan).Sådana uppgifter består av 					anslutningsuppgifter, tekniska eller aggregerade användaruppgifter, såsom IP-adress, identifierare i 					spel, spelstatistik, spelpreferenser, unikt reklam-ID (t.ex. identifierare för reklam (IDFA); du kan 					återställa sådant ID enligt operativsystemets instruktioner ), icke-identifierbara uppgifter 					rörande en enhet, operativsystem, webbläsare eller app-version, mobiloperatör, lokala eller 					språkliga inställningar, användaraktivitet i våra tjänster, aktivitet i app eller 					spel (såsom spelinnehåll/produktinteraktion och reklamuppgifter); diagnostiska uppgifter (dvs.
					krasch- och prestandauppgifter). Vi använder inte sådana uppgifter för att ta reda på en 					persons verkliga identitet eller kontaktuppgifter, utan för det mesta för att få en bättre 					förståelse om hur våra användare vanligtvis använder och engagerar sig i våra 					tjänster. Användningen av sådana tekniska uppgifter och enhetsuppgifter hjälper också 					oss och våra partners att tillhandahålla intressebaserade eller på annat sätt effektivare 					reklam och innehåll (för att optimera vår reklamhantering och visningsupplevelsen för 					våra användare) samt för att förbättra den allmänna prestandan och din 					användarupplevelse av våra tjänster. Se avsnitt 8 nedan för mer information om vår 					reklamanvändning.
Uppgifter som tas emot från dig:Du kan ge oss personuppgifter frivilligt när 					du till exempel skapar ett konto hos oss, kontaktar oss (via Facebook, Messenger, e-post, spelchatt eller 					någon annan kanal, inklusive supporttjänster), när du gör inlägg på våra 					offentliga forum eller grupper, när du ger oss din e-postadress (till exempel när du anmäler dig 					till att få e-postuppdateringar eller gåvor), när du deltar i tävlingar, turneringar och 					andra kampanjer, när du gör ett köp i något av våra spel, när du interagerar med 					andra användare via spelchatt eller när du väljer att ansluta ditt Facebook-, Google-, 					Apple-konto eller annat konto till något av våra spel.
Uppgifter som tas emot från Facebook och andra kanaler:  När du anslutit 					spelen till ditt Facebook-, Google-, Apple-konto eller liknande konto får vi tillgång till din 					offentliga profil, inklusive (i den utsträckning du definierar den som ”offentlig”), i 					tillämpliga fall, ditt fullständiga namn, e-postadress(er) som tillhandahållits Facebook, Google 					eller Apple, kön, profilbild eller liknande foto, plats, tidszon och en lista över dina vänner 					som spelar spelen. Detta gör det också möjligt för oss att presentera din och dina 					vänners offentliga profilbilder i spelen och skapa din vänlista i spelet (tillsammans med sina foton 					och annan allmän profilinformation).. Dessutom kan vi eller våra reklampartners få allmän 					information från Facebook och våra andra marknadsföringskanaler om resultatet av våra 					reklamkampanjer, till exempel den avsedda åldersgruppen eller intressen. Vi eller våra partners kan 					också koppla sådana allmänna uppgifter till andra uppgifter som vi har. Mer information om 					vår reklampraxis finner du i avsnitt 8 nedan.Om du får tillgång till våra 					tjänster via en tredje part såsom Facebook, Google eller Apple eller ansluter våra 					tjänster till något tredjepartskonto bör du också läsa deras villkor och 					integritetspolicyer. Om du är osäker på vilken information en tredjepartsapplikation delar med 					oss kan du besöka webbplatsen för den tredjepartsapplikationen för att lära dig mer om deras 					integritetspraxis.
Transaktionsuppgifter:  Köp i spelet behandlas vanligtvis av relevant 					plattformsleverantör (t.ex. Apple, Google eller Facebook) och vi samlar inte in eller lagrar dina 					ekonomiska uppgifter, t.ex. kreditkortsnummer eller ditt bankkonto. Vi kan dock fortfarande få dina 					icke-ekonomiska personuppgifter relaterade till köpet, såsom namn, faktureringsadress, e-postadress 					samt köpta artiklar för att uppfylla ditt köp och för våra 					redovisningsändamål.

2. Användning av uppgifter
Vår rättsliga grund för insamling och användning av dina personuppgifter är beroende av det 				särskilda syfte för vilket dina uppgifter behandlas. Men vanligen lutar vi oss mot följande grunder:
			

Fullgörande av ett avtal. Vi använder denna grund för behandling som är nödvändig 					för att göra spelen, inklusive socialt spelande när du väljer att logga in med Facebook, 					Google eller apple, och supporttjänster, tillgängliga för dig samt för att skicka 					servicekommunikation, gåvor och belöningar till dig.
Samtycke. I begränsade fall (när du väljer att registrera dig för att få e-post 					för direkt marknadsföring och när du godkänner cookies på våra webbplatser, 					behandlar vi dina personuppgifter utifrån ditt samtycke). Du kan dra tillbaka ditt samtycke när som 					helst genom att kontakta oss med hjälp av de uppgifter som anges i avsnitt 11.
Berättigade intressen. Vi behandlar dina personuppgifter utifrån våra berättigade 					intressen för att upprätthålla och förbättra våra tjänster och erbjudanden, 					för att förstå hur våra tjänster används, för att tillhandahålla 					effektiv reklam inom våra spel och via andra kanaler, för att matcha användare med syftet att 					skapa vänlistor i spelet, för att förbättra vår kundservice och våra 					supporttjänster, för att upptäcka bedrägeri samt för att skydda och säkra 					våra användare, oss själva och våra tjänster.
Fullgörande av en rättslig förpliktelse. I begränsade fall kan vi behandla dina 					personuppgifter när vi behöver göra det för att uppfylla en rättslig förpliktelse, 					t.ex. som anges i tillämplig lag eller när vi får ett beslut från en domstol eller ett 					tillsynsorgan.

De syften för vilka vi använder personuppgifter beskrivs mer detaljerat nedan:

För att underlätta, driva och tillhandahålla våra tjänster;
För att autentisera våra spelares identitet och ge dem tillgång till ytterligare funktioner; 				
För att förse våra användare med kundservice, hjälp och tekniska supporttjänster; 				
För att du ska kunna interagera med andra spelare i spelet;
För att vidareutveckla, anpassa och förbättra samt din användarupplevelse, utifrån 					gemensamma och personliga preferenser, upplevelser och svårigheter inklusive genom att personanpassa din 					profil och vänlista
För att hantera och tillhandahålla reklam mer effektivt, inklusive kontextuell, beteendebaserad och 					intressebaserad reklam utifrån framsteg och aktivitet i spelet, på grundval av dina preferenser och 					andra uppgifter tillgängliga för oss eller våra tjänsteleverantörer, inklusive 					för ominriktningsändamål;
För att kontakta våra användare (via e-post, Facebook, push-meddelanden eller andra 					tillgängliga kanaler) med allmänna eller personliga servicerelaterade meddelanden (såsom 					köpbekräftelser eller systemunderhållsmeddelanden); för att kontakta våra 					användare med marknadsföringsmeddelanden (såsom speluppdateringar, bonusar, nya funktioner, 					VIP-tjänsters, etc.); och för att underlätta, sponsra och erbjuda vissa evenemang och kampanjer; 				
För att stödja och förbättra våra datasäkerhetsåtgärder, inklusive 					för att förhindra och begränsa riskerna för bedrägeri, fel eller olaglig eller 					förbjuden aktivitet;
För att skapa statistiska data, härledda icke-personliga uppgifter eller anonymiserade eller 					pseudonymiserade uppgifter (som gjorts icke-personliga), som vi eller våra tjänsteleverantörer 					kan använda för att tillhandahålla och förbättra våra respektive tjänster; 					och
För att uppfylla alla tillämpliga lagar och förordningar.

 3. Lagring och kvarhållande
Även om integritetslagar kan variera mellan jurisdiktioner har Moon Active vidtagit rimliga åtgärder 				för att säkerställa att dina personuppgifter behandlas av dess anknutna bolag och 				tjänsteleverantörer på ett säkert och lagligt sätt samt i enlighet med etablerad 				branschpraxis, oavsett eventuella mindre juridiska krav som kan gälla i deras jurisdiktioner.
Vi lagrar dina personuppgifter för att bibehålla vår relation samt för att förse dig med 				våra tjänster. Vi kommer att endast behålla dina personuppgifter så länge som vi 				behöver för att uppfylla syftet för vilket de var insamlade. Med andra ord lagrar vi dina 				personuppgifter så länge du fortsätter att vara vår användare och inte har meddelat oss 				något annat. Vi vidtar rimliga åtgärder för att radera dina personuppgifter om du raderar ditt 				konto. Vi kan också lagra dina personuppgifter för rättsliga och bokföringsmässiga 				ändamål (dvs. som krävs enligt lag som är tillämplig för registerhållning och 				bokföring samt för att ha bevis på vår relation om eventuella juridiska problem skulle 				uppstå efter att du har upphört din användning), i enlighet med vår datalagringspolicy. Om du 				har några frågor om vår datalagringspolicy kan du kontakta oss på  https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/en-us.
Observera att vi inte är skyldiga, förutom när så krävs enligt tillämplig lag, att 				lagra dina uppgifter under en särskild period och är fria att radera dem på ett säkert när 				som helst och av vilken anledning som helst, med eller utan föregående meddelande till dig.
I vissa fall kan vi göra dina personuppgifter anonyma så att de inte längre kan kopplas till dig, i 				dessa fall kan vi använda sådan information utan att vidare informera dig, och det anses inte längre 				att vara personuppgifter enligt den här integritetspolicyns definition.
4. Radering utav personuppgifter och avslutande av 					konton
Utöver alla andra rättigheter som anges i den här Integritetspolicyn (bortsett så som anges i 				Integritetstillägg för kandidater), kan du när som helst begära att Moon Active raderar dina 				personuppgifter genom att trycka på knappen ”Radera konto” i det avsedda spelet och följ 				instruktionerna. Att välja det här alternativet kommer att resultera i att ditt konto stängs av och 				all din spelhistorik, din köpinformation, inloggningar på sociala media och annan information som 				associeras till din anslutning med spelet, raderas. Raderingen går inte att ångra. Om du har flera 				spelkonton behöver du begära att vart och ett raderas.
Vid mottagande av din begäran kommer vi att omgående genomföra åtgärden, men ge 				ärendet en stund att behandlas. Vi reserverar oss även rättigheten att kvarhålla en kopia av 				sådana personuppgifter som vi enligt lag är skyldiga att kvarhålla.
5. Delning av uppgifter
Vi kan dela dina uppgifter med vissa tredje parter, inklusive brottsbekämpande myndigheter, våra 				tjänsteleverantörer och våra anknutna bolag. Nedan sammanfattar vi omständigheterna, under 				vilka vi delar uppgifter:

Uppfyllande av lagar, domstolsbeslut och myndigheter:  Vi kan lämna ut till eller 					tillåta statliga och brottsbekämpande myndigheter att få tillgång till vissa 					personuppgifter som svar på en stämning, husrannsakningsorder eller domstolsbeslut (eller liknande 					krav) eller för att uppfylla tillämpliga lagar och förordningar, inklusive för nationella 					säkerhetsändamål. Sådan utlämning och tillgång kan ske med eller utan 					föregående meddelande till dig, om vi i god tro anser att vi enligt lag tvingas att göra 					så eller när utlämning är lämpligt i samband med försök att utreda, 					förhindra eller vidta åtgärder beträffande faktisk eller misstänkt olaglig verksamhet, 					bedrägeri eller andra oegentligheter.
Tjänsteleverantörer: Vi kan anlita utvalda utomstående företag, 					leverantörer och enskilda personer att utföra tjänster som kompletterar våra egna (t.ex.
					värdtjänster, dataanalystjänster, marknadsföringsbyråer samt reklamtjänster och 					-verktyg, data- och cybersäkerhetstjänster, bedrägeri, tjänster för upptäckt och 					förhindrande av bedrägeri, betalningshanteringstjänster, kundsupportpartners, externa moderatorer 					och testare, tjänster för användarengagemang, tjänster för e-postdistribuering och 					övervakning, sessionsinspelning samt våra rådgivare i samband med affärer, juridik, 					finanser och efterlevnad) (gemensamt ”tjänsteleverantörer”). Dessa 					tjänsteleverantörer kan, beroende på deras specifika roller och syften, få tillgång 					till dina personuppgifter för att underlätta och komplettera våra tjänster, men får 					endast behandla dina personuppgifter i de syften som vi har instruerat dem. Vi kan även dela anonym, 					statistisk eller.
Tredjepartsintegrationer: Tjänsterna låter dig integrera med vissa 					tredjepartstjänster, till exempel för att ansluta ditt Facebook-, Google- eller Apple-konto till ett 					visst spel, logga in med Google, Facebook eller Apple eller för att göra inköp, i vilket fall du 					omfattas av villkoren och integritetsmeddelanden från nämnda tredje parter (t.ex. Apple, Google eller 					Facebook). Se därför till att du läser och godkänner dem i förväg. Vi tar inte 					emot eller lagrar dina lösenord för någon av dessa tredjepartstjänster.
Skyddande av rättigheter och säkerhet:  Vi kan dela dina personuppgifter med andra, med 					eller utan föregående meddelande till dig, om vi i god tro anser att detta kommer att bidra till att 					skydda Moon Actives, någon av våra användares eller allmänhetens rättigheter, egendom 					eller personliga säkerhet.
Moon Actives dotterbolag och anknutna bolag:  Vi kan dela personuppgifter internt inom vår 					grupp av företag för de syften som beskrivs i denna integritetspolicy. Om Moon Active eller 					något av dess anknutna bolag skulle genomgå någon förändring, inklusive genom 					sammanslagning, förvärv eller köp av praktiskt taget alla dess tillgångar kan dina 					personuppgifter delas med de parter som är inblandade i en sådan händelse. Om vi tror att en 					sådan ändring av kontrollen väsentligen kan påverka dina personuppgifter som sedan lagras 					hos oss kommer vi att meddela dig om denna händelse och de val du har via e-post och/eller tydligt anslag i 					våra tjänster.

För att det inte ska uppstå några tvivel kan Moon Active dela dina personuppgifter på 				ytterligare sätt enligt ditt uttryckliga godkännande, om vi är lagligt skyldiga att göra det 				eller om vi har gjort sådana uppgifter icke-personliga eller anonyma. Vi kan överföra, dela eller 				på annat sätt använda icke-personliga uppgifter efter eget gottfinnande och utan behov av 				ytterligare godkännande.
6. Kommunikationer

Tjänstekommunikationer:  Vi kan kontakta dig med viktig information om våra 					tjänster. Till exempel kan vi meddela dig (via någon av de metoder som är tillgängliga 					för oss) om ändringar eller uppdateringar av våra tjänster, faktureringsproblem osv. Du kan 					inte välja bort att ta emot sådan tjänstekommunikation.
Marknadsföringskommunikationer:  Om du har anmält dig till att ta emot sådan 					kommunikation från oss kan vi också meddela dig om nya tjänster, evenemang och speciella 					möjligheter eller annan information som vi tror att du kommer att finna värdefull. Vi kan 					tillhandahålla sådana meddelanden via någon av de kontaktmetoder som är tillgängliga 					för oss (t.ex. telefon, mobil eller e-post) via tjänsterna eller genom våra 					marknadsföringskampanjer på andra webbplatser eller plattformar.

Du har rätt att när som helst återkalla ditt samtycke till att ta emot sådan 				marknadsföringskommunikation. Du kan göra detta genom att https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/en-us, kontakta  eller genom att följa instruktionerna för ”sluta 				prenumerera”, ”stoppa” eller ”ändra e-postinställningar” i den 				marknadsföringskommunikation du får.
7. Uppgiftssäkerhet
För att skydda de personuppgifter vi och våra tjänsteleverantörer har om dig använder vi 				tillämpliga fysiska, procedurella och elektroniska säkerhetsåtgärder, inklusive kryptering 				där det anses lämpligt. Oavsett vilka säkerhetsåtgärder vi använder måste du 				dock vara medveten om att vi inte kan garantera (och gör inte heller det) att dina personuppgifter som lagras 				hos oss eller hos någon tredje part är fullständigt skyddade eller säkrade. Om du 				upptäcker ett säkerhets- eller sårbarhetsproblem som relaterar till Tjänsterna, ska du skicka 				ett e-postmeddelande till info@moonactive.com.
8. Cookies och spårningstekniker
Våra tjänster och vissa av våra tjänsteleverantörer använder ”cookies”, 				anonyma identifierar och andra spårningstekniker (gemensamt 				”spårningstekniker”) som hjälper oss att tillhandahålla och 				förbättra våra tjänster, personanpassa din upplevelse och övervaka resultatet av 				våra aktiviteter och kampanjer, liksom användningen av våra appar, spel och tjänster som 				helhet. Se vår cookiepolicy för mer information.
9. Reklam
Våra spel innehåller reklam för tjänster och produkter från tredje part. Vi och 				våra reklampartners använder vissa uppgifter om dig för att förbättra vår 				reklampraxis och för att göra den reklam vi tillhandahåller mer effektiv, relevant och angenäm, 				inklusive genom att distribuera intressebaserad reklam, samt inriktnings-, reklammätnings- och 				attributionssystem.
Sådana uppgifter inkluderar din enhets reklamidentifierare (t.ex. IDFA eller reklam-ID), i den mån det 				är tillgängligt, uppgifter relaterade till din anslutna Facebook-, Google- eller Apple-profil (om 				några, såsom kön, region eller land), spelinnehåll, användar-ID i spel, 				produktinteraktionsuppgifter och annan demografisk och intressebaserad information som vi eller våra 				reklampartners kan få om dig, med ditt samtycke som grund eller annan rättslig grund (dvs. efter behov 				för att förse dig med våra respektive tjänster eller utifrån de berättigade 				intressen som vi beskrev ovan).
Den reklam som vi eller våra reklampartners tillhandahåller kan visas i våra spel, våra 				tjänster eller via andra kanaler, såsom tredje parts webbplatser och applikationer.
Denna Integritetspolicy gäller inte för företag som vi inte äger eller kontrollerar och inte 				heller för anställda eller tjänsteleverantörer som vi inte hanterar. All information du 				tillhandahåller till webbplatser, applikationer eller tjänster som utannonseras via våra 				tjänster omfattas av deras tillämpliga integritetspolicyer. Se till att läsa igenom 				integritetspolicyer från tredje parts applikationer, tjänster och webbplatser som du besöker eller 				som du ger behörighet att få åtkomst till din information. Det är dessa tredjeparters ansvar 				att skydda eventuell information du ger dem och vi ska inte hållas ansvariga för deras användning av 				din personligt identifierbara information. Se vår cookiepolicy för mer information.

Hur du ställer in dina preferenser när det gäller intressebaserad reklamOm du vill 					förhindra att din enhets reklam-ID eller andra identifierare används för intressebaserad reklam 					kan du ändra din enhets inställningar för att återställa sådant reklam-ID eller 					välja bort sådan reklam (vanligtvis hittar du detta under ”Integritet” eller 					”Annonser” i dina enhetsinställningar). Om du bor i USA, Kanada eller Europa kan du också 					välja bort insamling av dina uppgifter av våra reklampartners som deltar i Digital Advertising 					Alliance genom att besöka www.aboutads.info/choices (för användare i USA), 					www.youradchoices.ca/choices (för användare i Kanada) och www.youronlinechoices.eu (för användare i 					Europa).Observera att om du återställer ditt reklam-ID eller väljer bort intressebaserad 					reklam kan du fortfarande se reklam i våra spel eller på andra kanaler, men denna reklam kommer inte 					att vara inriktningsbaserad enligt de ovan nämnda identifierarna. Sådan reklam kan istället 					baseras på till exempel sammanhang, såsom dina framsteg och åtgärder i spelen eller dina 					språkpreferenser. Observera att sådana åtgärder kan leda till en sämre 					användarupplevelse.
Aggregerad och analytisk informationVi använder standardanalysverktyg från Google 					Analytics och vi kan använda ytterligare eller andra analysverktyg då och då. Dessa verktyg 					omfattas av sina egna integritetspolicyer. Se vår cookiepolicy för mer information.
Google-produkter: Google använder teknik som cookies för att spåra och analysera 					användningen av vår webbplats och/eller SDK för att visa reklam i våra spel. För att 					lära dig mer om hur Google behandlar uppgifter rekommenderar vi att du går igenom Googles policyer 					som finns på: https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites.
					För information om webbläsartillägget Google Analytics kan du gå till:
					https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. Ytterligare information om de uppgifter som Google SDK behandlar och 					lagrar finns på: https://support.google.com/admob/answer/7665968

 10. Den registrerades rättigheter – EEA, Schweiz 					och Storbritannien
Om vi behandlar personuppgifter om dig och du är bosatt i EEA, Schweiz och Storbritannien har du rätt att:
			

Begära åtkomst till dina personuppgifter (även kända som 					”begäran från den registrerade”) Det här ger dig möjlighet att få en 					kopia av de personuppgifter som vi har om dig, amt kontrollera att vi behandlar dem lagenligt.
Begära korrigering av de personuppgifter som vi har om dig. Det här ger dig 					möjlighet att korrigera information som inte är komplett eller felaktig information som vi har om dig.
				
Begära radering av dina personuppgifter. Det här ger dig möjlighet att be oss 					radera eller ta bort personuppgifter i de fall där det inte finns någon motiverad anledning för 					oss att fortsätta att behandla dem. Du har också rätten att be oss att radera eller ta bort dina 					personuppgifter där du har använt din rätt att protestera till behandling (se nedan).
Protestera mot behandling av dina personuppgifter där vi hänvisar till ett 					berättigat själ (eller en tredje parts) och det finns något i den här specifika situationen 					som gör att du vill protestera mot behandlingen, med detta som grund. DU har även rätten att 					protestera där vi behandlar dina personuppgifter i direkta marknadsföringssyften.
Begära begränsning av behandlingen av dina personuppgifter. Det här ger dig 					möjligheten att be oss upphöra med behandlingen om dina personuppgifter om dig, till exempel om du 					vill att vi kontrollerar dess korrekthet, eller orsaken till att vi behandlar dem.
Begära överföring av dina personuppgifter till en annan part.
				
Vanligtvis krävs ingen avgift.Du behöver inte betala någon avgift till 					någon annan part, för att få åtkomst till dina personuppgifter
Vad vi kan behöva från dig.Vi kan behöva begära specifik information 					från dig som hjälper oss att bekräfta din identitet och för att säkerställa din 					rätt att få åtkomst till informationen (eller utöva någon av dina andra 					rättigheter). Det här är en annan tillämplig säkerhetsåtgärd för att 					säkerställa att dina personuppgifter inte avslöjas för en person som inte har rätten 					att ta emot den. 
Rätten att ta tillbaka samtycke.Under de begränsade omständigheter 					där du kan ha lämnat ditt samtycke till insamling, behandling och överföring av dina 					personuppgifter för ett särskilt syfte, har du rätten att, när som helst, också 					återta ditt samtycke till den specifika behandlingen. För att återta ditt samtycker skriver du 					till info@moonactive.com. När vi har mottagit din ansökan om 					att du vill återta ditt samtycke, kommer vi inte längre att behandla din information för det 					syftet, eller syftena som du ursprungligen godkänt, såvida vi inte har annat legitimt 					berättigande att behålla den.

Om du vill utöva dina rättigheter enligt tillämplig lag (t.ex. Allmänna 				dataskyddslagen(GDPR) kan du kontakta oss här.
Om du är bosatt i EEA eller Storbritannien kan du också kontakta våra representanter för EEA 				och Storbritannien på dpr@moonactive.com
Om du vill hantera informationen vi tar emot om dig från en tredje parts applikation eller plattform där 				du spelar våra spel, såsom Facebook, Apple eller Google, kan du följa tredjepartsapplikationens 				instruktioner för att uppdatera din information och ändra dina integritetsinställningar.
Du har rätt att lämna in klagomål till en tillsynsmyndighet för dataskydd. Personer som är 				bosatta i EEA kan hitta information om sin nationella tillsynsmyndighet: https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en.
				Personer bosatta i Storbritannien kan kontakta den brittiska datatillsynsmyndigheten Information 				Commissioner’s Office : https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/.
 11. Dataöverföringar
Dina personuppgifter kan kvarhållas, behandlas och fås åtkomst till, samt lagras av Moon Active och 				våra auktoriserade samarbetspartners och tjänsteleverantörer i och utanför U.S.A. och andra 				jurisdiktioner, så som är nödvändigt för ordentligt leverans av våra tjänster, 				eller så som kan krävas av lagen. Moon Active är baserad i en jurisdiktion som anses vara 				auktoriserad av Storbritannien, Schweiz och Europakommissionen att ge en adekvat nivå av skydd för 				personuppgifter för boende i EEA och i Storbritannien.
Vi kan överföra personuppgifter som vi samlar in om dig, utanför EEA, Schweiz eller Storbritannien, 				för att utföra vårt kontrakt med dig. För att säkerställa att dina personuppgifter 				får en adekvat nivå av skydd, har vi vidtagit följande åtgärder för att 				säkerställa att dina personuppgifter behandlas av tredjeparter, på ett sätt som är 				överensstämmande med, och som respekterar Eus och Storbritanniens dataskyddslagar:
				Standardkontraktsklausuler och länder som lyder under EU:s fastställande av tillräcklighet. Om du 				behöver vidare information om skyddsåtgärder kan du kontakta oss med hjälp av informationen i 				avsnitt 13.
12. Minderåriga
Följande spel är tillgängliga för personer som är sexton (16) år eller 					äldre:  ”My Café: Recipes and stories”, "”Toy Defense”, 				”Toy Defense 2”, ”Toy Defense: Fantasy”, ”Fish Now.io”, ”Kitchen 				Stars”, ”Family Island”, ”My Pizza Restaurant”, ”Zen Match”, "Travel Town" och.
Alla andra spel och tjänster är endast tillgängliga för personer som är antingen 					arton (18) år eller har uppnått myndig ålder enligt lagstiftningen i din 					jurisdiktion.
Vi förbehåller oss rätten att när som helst begära bevis på ålder eller 					förälders samtycke. Vi kan blockera användare som vi misstänker är under 					tillämplig ålder. Vi samlar inte medveten in personuppgifter från minderåriga och vill 					inte heller göra det. Om vi får veta att en minderårig använder tjänsterna eller 					spelar något av våra spel kan vi förbjuda eller blockera en sådan användare och 					vidta alla åtgärder för att omedelbart radera alla personuppgifter som lagras hos oss med 					avseende på en sådan minderårig.
Om du tror att vi kan ha några sådana uppgifter ska du kontakta oss på https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/en-us.
 13. Ändringar och gällande 					språkversion
Vi kan ändra denna Integritetspolicy från tid till annan genom att publicera en ändrad version i 				våra tjänster. Den ändrade versionen börjar gälla på den publicerade 				ikraftträdandedagen. Vid väsentliga förändringar kommer vi att meddela detta på 				förhand via av de kommunikationsmetoder som är tillgängliga för oss eller i andra tjänster.
				Efter meddelandeperioden ska alla ändringar anses vara accepterade av dig. Om du inte samtycker att vara bunden 				av villkoren i den nya eller ändrade integritetspolicyn måste du sluta använda tjänsterna.
Den ursprungliga och gällande versionen av denna integritetspolicy är den engelska versionen. Alla 				översättningar av denna integritetspolicy till andra språk tillhandahålls endast av 				bekvämlighetsskäl och skall inte styra innebörden eller tillämpningen av denna 				integritetspolicy. Vid eventuella avvikelser mellan innebörden av översatta versioner av 				integritetspolicyn och den engelska versionen ska innebörden av den engelska versionen ha företräde.
			
 14. Kontakta oss 
om du har några kommentarer eller frågor om denna Integritetspolicy, eller om du vill kontakta Moon 				Actives dataskyddsansvarig, vänligen använd länken  				här

Om du är bosatt i EU eller Storbritannien kan du också kontakta vår representant för EU och 				Storbritannien på dpr@moonactive.com.
 
BILAGA A
Integritetstillägg för kandidater
Moon Active har ett intresse av att skydda dina personuppgifters integritet och trygghet. Det här 				integritetstillägget för kandidater beskriver hur vi samlar in och använder personuppgifter om dig.
				Innan din arbetsrelation med oss, i enlighet med tillämplig dataskyddslagstiftning. Det gäller alla 				kandidater för positioner så som personal, anställda eller konsulter.
Det här integritetstillägget för kandidater gäller kandidater som ansöker om 				anställning eller konsult tjänster på Moon Active. Det här integritetstillägget utgör 				int, i något avseende, något kontrakt för anställning eller kontrakt för att 				tillhandahålla tjänster. Vi kan uppdatera det här dokumentet när som helst.
Det är viktigt att du läser det här integritetstillägget för kandidater tillsammans med 				vår Integritetspolicy och något annat Integritetdokument som vi kan till komma att tillhandahålla 				dig vid specifika tillfällen när vi samlar in, eller behandlar personuppgifter om dig, så att du 				är medveten om hur och varför vi använder sådan information och vilka dina rättigheter 				är under gällande dataskyddslag.
A. Dataskydds-principer:
Vi kommer att efterleva dataskyddslagen, som kräver att de personuppgifter som vi har om dig ska:

Användas lagenligt, rättvist och på ett transparent sätt;
Insamlad endast med giltiga syften som tydligt har förklarats för dig och inte användas på 					något sätt som är inkompatibelt med dessa syften;
Vara relevanta för det syfte vi har berättat för dig om, och begränsas, endast till dessa 					syften;
Vara korrekta och uppdaterade;
Endast behållas så länge som det är nödvändigt för det syfte som vi har 					berättat för dig; samt
Hållas i tryggt förvar.

B. Sortens information som vi har om dig:
Personuppgifter, eller personlig information betyder all information om en individ som gör att personen kan 				identifieras. Det inkluderar inte information där identiteten har tagits bort (anonyma uppgifter). Det finns 				”särskilda kategorier” av känsligare personuppgifter som kräver en högre nivå 				av skydd så som information om en persons hälsa, eller sexuella läggning.
Vi kan komma att samla in, lagra och använda följande kategorier av personuppgifter om dig:

Personlig kontaktinformation så som namn, titel, adresser, telefonnummer och privata e-postadresser.
Födelsedatum.
Könstillhörighet.
Närmast anhöriga och nödkontaktinformation.
Anställnings- eller arbetsplats.
Rekryteringsinformation (inklusive kopior av dokumentation om rätt till arbete, referenser och annan 					information som är inkluderd i ett CV eller ett personligt brev, som del i en ansökningsprocess).
Anställningshistorik (inklusive jobbtitel, arbetshistorik, arbetstimmar, semestrar, utbildningsinformation 					och professionella medlemskap).
Kompensationshistorik
Prestationsinformation
Information om disciplinära åtgärder och klagomål.
CCTV-film och annan information som inhämtas på elektronisk väg, så som historik 					från inträdeskort under intervjuprocessen, om tillämpligt.
Fotografier
I Storbritannien även resultat från HMRC-anställning, information om dina intressen i och 					samröre med mellanhänder genom vilka dina tjänster tillhandahålls.

C. Hur samlas dina personuppgifter in?  
Vi samlar in personuppgifter om kandidater genom ansöknings- och rekryteringsprocessen, antingen direkt 				från kandidater, eller ibland från en anställningsagentur. Vi kan ibland samla in ytterligare 				information från tredjeparter, inklusive tidigare anställda.
D. Hur vi kommer att använda informationen om dig:
Vi kommer endast att använda dina personuppgifter när lagen tillåter oss och när vi har juridisk 				grund för att göra så. Vi förlitar oss vanligen på följande juridiska grund för 				att behandla dina personuppgifter:

Då vi har ditt samtycke att göra så (“Samtycke”).
När i behöver det för att fullfölja de kontrakt som vi har ingått med dig, eller 					för att vid ta åtgärder för att ingå ett kontrakt med dig 					(“Kontrakt”).
Där vi behöver efterleva juridiska åtaganden (“Juridiska 						åtaganden”).
Där det är nödvändigt för våra juridiska berättigade intressen ( eller 					för tredje part) och dina intressen och grundläggande rättigheter åsidosätter inte 					dessa intressen (“Juridiskt berättigade intressen”).

Om du underlåter dig att inte tillhandahålla viss information när vi frågar om den kanske vi 				inte kan bedöma ditt berättigande, eller lämplighet för en öppen position, eller kan vi 				förhindras från att efterleva våra juridiska åtaganden.
Vi kommer endast att använda dina personuppgifter i det syfte som de samlas in, såvida vi inte anser det 				rimligt att vi använder den av andra anledningar, och att dessa är kompatibla med det ursprungliga syftet.
				Om vi behöver använda dina personuppgifter i ett orelaterat syfte så kommer vi att underrätta 				dig, och vi kommer att förklara den lagliga grunden som ger oss tillåtelse att göra så.
Vänligen notera att vi kan behandla dina personuppgifter utan din vetskap, eller ditt samtycke,  men i 				enlighet med ovanstående regler, där det enligt lag krävs eller tillåts.
Det är viktigt att personuppgifterna som vi har om dig är korrekta och aktuella. Vänligen håll 				oss informerade om förändringar i dina personuppgifter under din ansökningsperiod.
E. Delning av uppgifter:
Vi kanske måste dela dina personuppgifter med tredjeparter, inklusive tredjepartstjänsteleverantörer 				och andra företag på Moon Active.
Vi kräver att tredjeparter respekterar dina uppgifters säkerhet och att behandla dem lagenligt.
Vi kan komma att överföra dina personuppgifter utanför EU och om vi gör det kommer vi att 				säkerställa att dina personuppgifter är adekvat skyddade. Vänlige läs avsnitt 10 i 				vår Integritetspolicy för mer information. 

Varför kan ni komma att dela mina personuppgifter med tredje part?Vi kommer att dela dina 					personuppgifter med tredje pater när lagen kräver det, där det är nödvändigt 					för att administrera arbetsrelationen med dig eller där vi h ar andra juridiska intressen i att 					göra så.
Vilka tredjeparts-tjänsteleverantörer behandlar mina personuppgifter?“Tredje 					parter” inkluderar tredjeparts-tjänsteleverantörer (inklusive konsulter och utsedda agenter).
					Följande tjänsteleverantörer behandlar personuppgifter om dig, för följande orsaker:
					
Comeet – rekrytering


Hur säker är min information med Tjänsteleverantörer och andra företag i vår 						grupp?Alla våra tjänsteleverantörer måste vidta tillämpliga 					säkerhetsåtgärder för att skydda dina personuppgifter i enlighet med våra policyer.
					Vi låter inte våra Tjänsteleverantörer använda dina personuppgifter för sina 					egna syften. Vi tillåter dem endast behandla dina personuppgifter för särskilda syften och i 					enlighet med våra instruktioner.
Hur är det med andra tredjeparter?Vi kan behöva dela dina personuppgifter med en 					myndighet, eller för att på annat sätt efterleva lagen.

F. Åtkomsträttigheter, Korrigering, Radering och Begränsning 
Om du är bosatt i EEA eller Storbritannien, har du, under särskilda omständigheter, den registrerades 				rättigheter så som anges i avsnitt 9 i vår Integritetspolicy. Om du vill granska, verifiera, 				korrigera eller begära radering av dina personuppgifter, eller protestera mot behandlande av dina 				personuppgifter, eller begära att vi överför en kopia av dina personuppgifter till en annan part, 				vänligen läs avsnitt 9 i den här Integritetspolicyn.
G. Lagring av uppgifter
Vi kommer endast att lagra dina personuppgifter så länge som det behövs för att uppfylla syftet 				för vilket vi samlade in dem, inklusive i syfte att uppfylla lagstadgade krav, redovisningskrav eller 				rapporteringskrav i enlighet med gällande lagar och bestämmelser. För att avgöra den 				tillämpliga tiden för hur länge personuppgifterna lagras, övervägs mängden, dess natur 				och känsligheten på personuppgifterna, samt den potentiella risken för skada vid obehörig 				användning eller avslöjande av personuppgifterna. Vi överväger även om vi kan uppnå 				syftet på något annat sätt, och kontrollerar de tillämpliga lagkraven. När vi inte 				längre behöver kandidatinformationen kommer vi att lagra och på ett säkert sätt avyttra 				dina personuppgifter i enlighet med gällande lagar och bestämmelser.
H. Kontakta oss
Du kan kontakta oss med eventuella frågor eller tveksamheter med hjälp av informationen som finns i 				avsnitt 14 i Integritetspolicyn.




Moon Active – 개인정보 보호정책
최종 수정일: 2023년 6월
서문
Moon Active Ltd.와 그 자회사 및 계열사(통칭하여 “Moon 					Active”나 “회사”, “당사”)는 				여러 기기 및 플랫폼(예: 모바일 기기 및 Facebook)에서 당사의 게임을 플레이할 수 있도록 웹 및 모바일 환경에서의 				게임(“게임”)과 웹 및 모바일 				애플리케이션(각각, “앱”)을 개발, 출시, 운영합니다.
회사는 웹사이트(www.moonactive.com, www.melsoft-games.com)와 그 하위 				도메인, 관련 기능 및 온라인 스토어(통칭하여 “사이트”, 게임 및 앱과 				총괄하여 “서비스”)를 운영합니다.
Moon Active는 귀하의 개인 정보를 중요하게 생각하며, 귀하의 개인 정보에 관한 당사의 관행을 보다 투명하고 공정하게 만들기 위해서 최선을 다하고 있습니다. 본 개인정보 처리방침은 당사가 어떻게 개인 				정보를 수집, 저장, 이용, 공유하는지 설명하며, 귀하가 당사의 사이트에 방문하거나, 당사의 앱을 설치하거나, 당사의 게임을 플레이하거나, 당사와 상호작용하거나, 당사의 서비스에 액세스 또는 이용할 때마다 				적용됩니다.
본 개인정보 처리방침을 읽고 완전히 이해하며 동의하는 것을 강력히 권장합니다. 본 개인정보 처리방침에 동의하지 않는 경우, 당사의 서비스 이용을 중단하고 삼가십시오. 본 개인정보 처리방침에 따라 귀하는 언제든지 당사의 서비스 이용을 중단할 권리가 있습니다.

Moon Active는 "정보 컨트롤러"입니다. 이는 귀하에 관련된 개인 데이터를 보유하고 사용하는 방법을 결정할 책임이 당사에 있다는 것을 의미합니다. 특정 데이터 보호 법률에 따라 당사는 본 개인정보 				보호정책에 수록된 정보를 귀하께 통지하여야 합니다. 귀하는 법적으로 어떠한 개인 정보도 제공할 필요가 없지만, 개인 정보 없이는 당사의 서비스를 온전히 제공 받거나 				최상의 상태로 이용할 수 없습니다. (예: Facebook 계정 연결 없이 당사의 게임을 플레이할 수 있지만, 게임의 소셜 기능을 즐길 수는 없습니다.)

정보 수집
정보 이용
보관 및 보존
개인 정보 삭제 및 계정 폐쇄
정보 공유
커뮤니케이션
정보 보안
쿠키 및 추적 기술
광고
정보 권리 주체- 유럽 경제 지역, 						스위스 및 영국
데이터 전송
미성년자
수정 및 효력이 있는 버전
연락처

 
1. 정보수집
회사는 4가지 주요 카테고리의 정보를 수집합니다. (특정 인물을 식별할 수 있게 하거나 잠재적으로 식별할 수 있는 정보와 연결되는 범위까지의 				정보를 “개인 정보”라고 간주합니다.)

자동으로 수집 또는 생성되는 정보:누군가 					당사에 또는 당사의 서비스를 통해 이메일 또는 텍스트 메시지를 전송하는 것을 포함하여 당사의 서비스에 방문, 상호 작용, 이용하는 경우, 당사는 그들의 기록 정보를 수집하고 생성할 수 있습니다. 회사는 					“쿠키”와 기타 추적 기술의 사용을 포함해(아래에서 추가로 기술함) 독립적으로 또는 제3자 서비스의 도움을 받아 이러한 정보를 수집 또는 생성합니다.이러한 정보는 IP 					주소, 게임 내 식별자, 게임 통계, 게임 설정, 고유 광고 ID(예: IDFA, 귀하는 이러한 ID를 운영 체제 지침에 따라 재설정할 수 있음), 기기에 관련한 비식별 정보, 운영 체제, 브라우저 					또는 앱 버전, 이동 통신사, 위치, 언어 설정, 당사의 서비스에서 사용자의 활동, 앱 또는 게임 내 활동(예: 게임 플레이 콘텐츠/제품 상호 작용 및 광고 데이터), 진단 데이터(예: 충돌 데이터 및 					게임 성능 데이터)와 같은 데이터의 사용을 연결, 기록, 집계한 것으로 이루어져 있습니다. 회사는 이러한 정보를 개인의 신원이나 상세 연락처를 파악하기 위해 이용하지는 않으며, 주로 당사의 서비스를 					사용자가 일반적으로 어떻게 이용하고 다루는지 더 잘 이해하기 위해 이용합니다. 이러한 기록 및 기기 정보의 이용은 당사 및 파트너사가 관심에 기반한 또는 더 효과적인 광고 및 콘텐츠를 제공하고, 당사의 					광고 관리와 사용자 시청 경험을 최적화하며, 서비스의 전반적인 성능과 사용자 경험을 개선하는 데 도움이 됩니다. 당사의 광고 이용에 관한 더 자세한 사항은 제48조를 참조하십시오.
귀하가 제공한 정보:
						귀하는 자발적으로 개인 정보를 제공할 수 있습니다. 예를 들어, 계정을 생성하거나 당사에 연락한 경우(모든 지원 서비스를 포함하여 Facebook, 메신저, 이메일, 					게임 내 채팅, 기타 채널을 통해), 당사의 공공 포럼 또는 그룹에 게시글을 올린 경우, 이메일 주소를 제공한 경우(예: 이메일 업데이트 또는 선물을 받기 위해 등록한 경우), 경쟁, 대회, 토너먼트, 					기타 프로모션에 참가한 경우, 게임 내에서 구매한 경우, 게임 내 채팅으로 다른 사용자와 상호 작용한 경우, Facebook, Google, Apple이나 기타 유사 계정을 당사의 게임에 연결한 경우가 					이에 포함됩니다.
Facebook 및 다른 채널에서 받은 정보:
Facebook, Google, Apple 등 유사 계정을 게임에 연결하면, 회사는 경우에 따라 귀하의 성명, Facebook이나 Google, Apple에 제공한 이메일 주소, 성별, 					프로필 사진 또는 이와 유사한 사진, 장소, 시간대, 게임을 플레이하는 친구 목록을 포함한 공개 프로필에 (“공개”로 설정한 범위까지) 액세스할 수 있습니다. 이 경우, 회사는 					게임 내 친구 목록을 생성하기 위해 귀하와 귀하의 친구의 공개 프로필 사진을 게임 내에 표시할 수 있습니다. 또한, 당사 또는 당사의 광고 파트너사는 Facebook과 다른 마케팅 채널에서 목표 연령 					그룹 또는 관심사 등 당사의 광고 캠페인 성과와 관련된 일반 정보를 받을 수 있습니다. 당사와 당사의 파트너사는 이러한 일반 정보를 당사가 소유한 다른 정보와 연결할 수 있습니다. 당사의 광고 관행에 					대해 더 자세히 보시려면 아래의 제38조를 참조하십시오.Facebook이나 Google, Apple과 같은 제3자를 통해 당사의 서비스에 액세스하거나 제3자 계정으로 서비스에 접속한 경우, 					귀하는 제3자의 약관과 개인정보 처리방침을 읽어야 합니다. 제3자 애플리케이션이 당사와 어떤 정보를 공유하는지 잘 모를 경우, 제3자 애플리케이션의 웹사이트에 방문해 그들의 개인정보 보호 방법에 관해 					자세히 알아보십시오.
결제 정보: 인게임 구매는 일반적으로 관련 플랫폼 					제공업체(예: Apple이나 Google, Facebook)가 처리하며, 회사는 귀하의 금융 정보(예: 신용 카드 번호나 은행 계좌)를 수집하거나 저장하지 않습니다. 회사는 귀하의 구매와 회사의 회계 					목적을 충족시키기 위해 귀하의 이름, 청구서 주소, 이메일 주소, 구매한 아이템과 같은 구매와 관련한 비금융 개인 정보를 수신합니다.

2. 정보이용
귀하의 개인정보 수집 및 이용에 관한 법적 근거는 정보가 처리되는 특정 목적에 따라 달라지지만, 회사는 일반적으로 다음 근거를 사용합니다.

"계약이행" – 회사는 귀하가 Facebook이나 Google, Apple로 로그인한 경우 소셜 게임을 포함해 게임을 제작하고, 귀하가 이용할 수 있는 서비스를 지원하고, 					서비스 커뮤니케이션, 선물, 보상을 전송하기 위해 필요한 정보를 처리하기 위해 이 법적 근거를 사용합니다.
“동의” – 제한된 경우(직접 마케팅 이메일을 수신하기 위해 가입하기로 한 경우, 사이트에서 쿠키 사용에 동의한 경우), 회사는 귀하의 동의에 따라 					개인정보를 처리합니다. 귀하는 제13조에 명시된 세부 사항을 이용하여 회사에 연락함으로 언제든지 동의를 철회할 수 있습니다.
“적법한 이해” – 회사는 서비스와 행사의 유지 및 개선, 서비스가 어떻게 이용되는지 이해, 게임 내에서 그리고 다른 채널을 통해 					효과적인 광고 전달, 게임 내 친구 목록을 생성하기 위한 사용자 매칭, 고객 서비스 및 지원 센터 운영 개선, 부정행위를 적발하고 사용자와 회사 및 서비스를 보호하기 위해 귀하의 개인 정보를 적법한 					이해에 근거하여 처리합니다.
“법적 의무 준수” – 제한된 경우에 회사는 법적 의무를 준수하기 위해(예: 관련 법률에 명시되어 있거나, 법원 또는 					규제 기관으로부터 명령을 받은 경우) 귀하의 개인 정보를 처리할 수 있습니다.

개인 정보를 이용하는 목적은 아래에 더 자세히 설명되어 있습니다.

당사의 서비스를 이용하기 쉽게 만들고 운영하며 제공하기 위해
플레이어의 ID를 인증하고 이들이 추가 기능에 액세스할 수 있게 하기 위해
사용자들에게 고객 지원 및 기술 지원 서비스를 제공하기 위해
귀하가 게임 내에서 다른 플레이어들과 상호작용할 수 있게 하기 위해
개인 프로필과 친구 목록 등 공통 또는 개인적 선호, 경험, 어려움에 따라 서비스 및 사용자 경험을 더욱 발전, 개별 맞춤, 개선하기 위해
게임 내 진행 상황과 활동 및 목표 변경 목적을 포함해 귀하의 선호 사항 또는 회사나 서비스 제공업체에 제공되는 기타 정보를 기반으로 한 상황별, 행동별, 관심사 기반 광고를 포함해 광고를 더욱 					효과적으로 관리하고 전달하기 위해
사용자에게 일반 또는 개별화된 서비스 관련 메시지(예: 구매 확인 또는 시스템 정비 알림)나 홍보용 메시지(예: 게임 업데이트, 보너스, 새로운 기능, VIP 서비스 등)를 보내기(이메일, 					Facebook, 푸시 알림, 기타 가능한 채널을 통해)위해, 그리고 특정 이벤트 및 프로모션을 용이하게 하고 후원하며 제공하기 위해
부정이나 오류, 불법, 금지된 활동의 위험을 방지하고 완화하기 위한 목적을 포함해 회사의 정보 보안 조치를 지원하고 강화하기 위해
회사 또는 서비스 제공업체가 각각의 서비스를 제공하고 개선하는 데 이용할 수 있는 집계된 통계 정보나 추론 비개인 정보, 익명화된 정보(비개인 정보로 렌더링 됨)를 생성하기 위해
관련 법률 및 규제를 준수하기 위해

3. 보관및보존
개인정보 보호법은 관할 지역에 따라 다를 수 있지만, Moon Active는 관할 지역에 적용될 수 있는 더 적은 법적 요건에도 불구하고 일반적인 산업 관행에 따라 귀하의 개인정보가 계열사 및 서비스 제공업체에 				의해 안전하고 합법적인 방식으로 취급되도록 합리적인 조치를 취했습니다.
회사는 귀하와의 관계를 유지하고 서비스를 제공하기 위해 귀하의 개인정보를 보관할 수 있습니다. 회사는 개인 정보 수집 목적이 달성되는 데 필요한 기간 동안만 귀하의 개인 정보를 보유할 것입니다. 다시 말해, 				귀하가 사용자로 남아 있으며 달리 통지하지 않는 한 회사는 귀하의 개인정보를 보관합니다. 귀하가 계정을 삭제한 경우, 회사는 합리적인 조치를 취해 귀하의 개인정보를 삭제합니다. 또한, 회사는 당사의 정보 보관 				정책에 따라 법적 및 회계적 목적(예: 기록 및 부기에 적용되는 법률이 요구할 때, 사용자가 사용을 중단한 후 법적 문제가 발생한 경우, 회사와 사용자 간의 관계에 관한 증거를 확보하기 위해)으로 귀하의 				개인정보를 보관할 수 있습니다. 정보 보관 방침에 관해 질문이 있으시면 https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/en-us으로 연락해 주십시오.
			
관련 법률이 요구하는 경우를 제외하고, 회사는 특정 기간 동안 귀하의 정보를 보관할 의무가 없으며 귀하에게 통지하거나 통지하지 않고 어떠한 이유로든 언제든지 귀하의 정보를 완전히 삭제할 수 있습니다.
회사는 일부 상황에서 귀하의 개인 정보를 익명 처리하여 더 이상 귀하와 연관될 수 없도록 할 수 있습니다. 이 경우 당사는 귀하에게 추가 통지하지 않고도 해당 정보를 사용할 수 있으며 이러한 정보는 더 이상 본 				개인정보 보호정책의 의미 내에서 개인 데이터로 간주되지 않습니다.
4. 개인 정보 삭제 및 계정 폐쇄
본 개인정보 보호정책에 명시된 기타 권리(부록에 명시된 지원자 개인정보 보호정책 제외) 외에도 귀하는 해당 게임의 "계정 삭제" 버튼을 누르고 그에 따른 지시 사항을 수행하여 Moon Active가 귀하의 개인 				정보를 삭제하도록 할 수 있습니다. 이를 선택하면 귀하의 계정이 폐쇄되고 게임과 관련된 귀하의 모든 플레이 기록, 구매 정보, 소셜 미디어 로그인 및 기타 정보가 삭제됩니다. 삭제 명령은 되돌릴 수 없습니다.
				복수의 게임과 연결된 여러 계정을 운영 중인 경우, 각각에 대하여 별도로 폐쇄를 요청해야 합니다.
당사는 귀하의 요청이 접수되는 데로 즉시 이를 시행할 것입니다. 그러나 처리하는 데 약간의 시간이 걸릴 수 있습니다. 또한, 당사는 관련 법률에 따라 필요한 개인 정보의 사본을 보유할 권리가 있습니다.
5. 정보공유
회사는 사법당국, 서비스 제공업체, 계열사를 포함해 특정 제3자에게 귀하의 정보를 공유할 수 있습니다. 회사가 정보를 공유하는 상황은 아래에 요약되어 있습니다.

법률과 법규명령, 정부 당국에 따름: 회사는 					소환장, 수색영장, 법원 명령(또는 유사한 경우)에 대응하거나 국가 보안상의 이유를 포함하는 관련 법률 및 규정을 준수하기 위해서 정부 및 법 집행관에게 특정 개인정보를 공개하거나 액세스하도록 허용할 					수 있습니다. 이러한 공개 또는 액세스는 회사가 그렇게 해야 하는 법적 강제성이 있거나, 해당 공개가 실제 불법 행위 또는 불법 행위가 의심되거나, 사기 또는 기타 불법 행위를 조사, 방지, 조치하려는 					노력과 관련하여 적절하다고 여겨질 때 귀하에게 통지하거나 통지하지 않고 진행할 수 있습니다.
서비스 제공업체: 회사는 					타사, 계약 업체, 개인을 서비스 보완을 목적으로 선택하여 참여시킬 수 있습니다. (예: 호스팅 서비스, 데이터 분석 서비스, 마케팅 에이전시와 광고 서비스 및 도구, 데이터 및 사이버 보안 서비스, 					부정행위 적발 및 방지 서비스, 결제 처리 서비스, 고객 지원 파트너사, 외부 중재자 및 테스터, 사용자 관련 서비스, 이메일 배포 및 모니터링 서비스, 세션 기록, 당사의 비즈니스, 법률, 재무, 					규정 준수 어드바이저) 					(총괄하여 “서비스 제공업체”) 					이러한 서비스 제공업체는 서비스를 용이하게 하고 보완하기 위해 그들의 특정 역할과 목적에 따라 개인정보에 액세스할 수 있으며, 당사가 지시한 목적으로만 개인정보를 이용할 수 있습니다. 또한, 당사는 					적법한 사업 목적에 따라 익명 처리와 통계 분석된 집단 정보를 서비스 제공업체와 공유할 수 있습니다.
제3자 서비스 통합: 본 					서비스를 통해 사용자는 Facebook이나 Google, Apple 계정을 특정 게임에 연결하거나, Facebook이나 Google, Apple로 로그인하거나, 구매하기 위해 제3자 서비스와 통합할 수 					있습니다. 이 경우 사용자는 해당 제3자(예: Facebook이나 Google, Apple)의 이용약관 및 개인정보 처리방침에 적용을 받으니, 해당 약관과 방침을 읽고 동의해야 합니다. 회사는 이러한 					제3자 서비스에 관한 귀하의 비밀번호를 수신하거나 저장하지 않습니다.
권리 및 안전 보호: Moon 					Active와 모든 사용자, 일반 대중의 권리나 재산, 개인 안전을 보호하는 데 도움이 된다고 여겨지는 경우, Moon Active는 귀하의 개인정보를 귀하에게 통지하거나 통지하지 않고 공유할 수 					있습니다.
Moon 							Active의 자회사 및 계열사: 회사는 					본 개인정보 처리방침에 명시된 목적을 위해 회사와 자회사, 계열사 내부에서 귀하의 개인정보를 공유할 수 있습니다. Moon Active 또는 그 계열사가 합병이나 인수, 자산의 대부분이 매입된 경우를 					포함해 경영권의 변화가 생긴 경우, 귀하의 개인정보는 인수합병과 관련된 회사와 공유될 수 있습니다. 회사의 경영권 변화가 회사가 저장하고 있는 귀하의 개인정보에 중대한 영향을 미칠 수 있다고 판단되는 					경우, 회사는 이메일 그리고/또는 당사의 서비스 내 중요 알림을 통해 인수합병과 귀하가 취할 수 있는 조치에 관해 알려드립니다.

의심이 없도록 하기 위해, Moon Active는 귀하가 명시적으로 승인한 경우, 법적으로 공유해야 하는 의무가 있는 경우, 개인 정보를 비개인 그리고 익명으로 변경한 경우, 귀하의 개인정보를 추가적인 방법으로 				공유할 수 있습니다. 회사는 단독 재량으로 추가적인 승인 필요 없이, 개인을 식별할 수 없는 정보를 전송, 공유, 이용할 수 있습니다.
6. 커뮤니케이션

서비스커뮤니케이션: 회사는 서비스에 관한 중요한 정보를 알려드리기 위해 귀하에게 연락할 수 있습니다.
					예를 들어, 회사는 귀하에게(회사가 사용할 수 있는 모든 방법을 통해) 서비스 변경 또는 업데이트나 결제 오류 등을 알릴 수 있습니다. 귀하는 이러한 서비스 커뮤니케이션 수신을 차단할 수 					없습니다.
홍보커뮤니케이션: 이러한 커뮤니케이션을 받기로 등록한 경우, 회사는 귀하에게 새로운 서비스와 이벤트, 					특별 기회나 귀하가 관심 있어 할 만한 기타 정보를 제공할 수 있습니다. 회사는 이용할 수 있는 연락 수단(예: 전화나 핸드폰, 이메일)이나 서비스, 다른 사이트나 플랫폼에 있는 당사의 마케팅 캠페인을 					통해 이러한 정보를 제공할 수 있습니다.

귀하는 이러한 홍보용 커뮤니케이션 수신에 대한 동의를 언제든지 철회할 권리가 있습니다. 귀하는 https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/en-us로 연락하거나, 귀하가 				받은 홍보 커뮤니케이션에 있는 “구독 해제”, “중지”, “이메일 설정 변경” 설명을 따라 수신 동의를 철회할 수 있습니다.
7. 정보보안
회사 및 서비스 제공업체가 보유하고 있는 귀하의 개인정보를 보호하기 위해, 회사는 적절하다고 판단될 때 암호화를 포함해 적절한 물리적 절차적, 전자적인 보안 조치를 사용합니다. 하지만, 어떤 보안 조치를 				사용하는 지와 관계 없이, 회사는 어느 개인정보에 대해서도 완전한 보호 및 보안을 할 수 없으며, 이를 보장하지 않습니다. 서비스와 관련된 보안이나 취약성 문제를 발견하시면 과 관련된 문제를 발견하시면 info@moonactive.com으로 이메일하여 알려 주십시오.
8.
					쿠키및추적 기술
당사의 서비스 및 일부 서비스 제공업체는 서비스를 제공하며 개선하고 귀하의 경험을 개인화하며, 활동 및 캠페인 성과와 앱과 게임, 서비스 이용을 하나로 모니터링하는 데 도움이 되도록 				“쿠키”와 익명 식별자 및 기타 추적 기술(통칭하여 “추적 기술”)을 활용합니다. 더 자세한 사항은 쿠키 정책을 참조하십시오.
9. 광고
Moon Active의 게임에는 제3자 서비스와 제품 광고가 포함되어 있습니다. 회사와 광고 파트너사는 관심 기반 광고, 타겟팅 및 광고 측정 및 어트리뷰션 시스템 구축을 포함해 광고 관행을 개선하고, 회사가 				제공하는 광고를 더욱더 효과적이고 관련 있으며 즐길 수 있게 만들기 위해 귀하에 관한 특정 정보를 이용합니다.
이러한 정보에는 귀하의 동의 또는 기타 법적 근거를 따라(예: 각각의 서비스를 제공하기 위해 필요한 또는 제3조에 명시한 적법한 이해에 기반) 회사 또는 광고 파트너사가 귀하에게서 또는 귀하에 관해 수신한, 				귀하의 기기 광고 식별자(예: IDFA 또는 광고 ID, 가능한 범위까지), 정보와 관련된 귀하의 Facebook이나 Google, Apple 프로필 연결(해당하는 경우, 귀하의 성별이나 지역, 국가 등), 				게임 플레이 콘텐츠, 사용자의 게임 내 ID, 제품 상호작용 정보, 기타 인구 통계 및 관심사 기반 정보가 포함되어 있습니다.
회사 또는 광고 파트너사가 제공하는 광고는 게임, 서비스, 제3자 웹사이트 및 애플리케이션과 같은 기타 채널에 표시될 수 있습니다.
본 개인정보 처리방침은 회사가 소유 또는 통제하지 않은 기업의 관행이나 회사가 관리하지 않는 직원 또는 서비스 제공 업체에는 적용되지 않습니다. 당사의 서비스를 통해 광고되는 사이트나 애플리케이션, 서비스에 				귀하가 제공한 모든 정보는 그들의 개인정보 처리방침의 적용을 받습니다. 귀하가 방문하거나 정보 접근을 허용한 제3자 애플리케이션이나 서비스, 사이트의 개인정보 처리방침을 반드시 읽으십시오. 귀하가 제3자에게 				제공한 정보를 보호하는 것은 그들의 책임입니다. 그러므로 회사는 제3자가 귀하의 개인 식별 정보를 이용하는 것에 대해 책임을 지지 않습니다. 더 자세한 사항은 쿠키 정책을 참조하십시오.

관심사기반 광고와 관련한 선호도 조정 방법귀하의 					기기 광고 ID나 관심사 기반 광고에 관한 기타 식별자 사용을 방지하고 싶은 경우, 귀하는 기기 설정을 변경해서 해당 광고 ID를 재설정하거나 해당 광고를 차단할 수 있습니다(일반적으로, 기기 설정의 					“개인정보” 또는 “광고”에서 설정할 수 있습니다).미국이나 캐나다, 유럽에 거주하는 경우, 귀하는 					www.aboutads.info/choices(미국 사용자), www.youradchoices.ca/choices(캐나다 사용자), www.youronlinechoices.eu(유럽 사용자)를 방문하여 디지털 광고 연합에 참여하는 당사의 광고 					파트너사가 귀하의 정보를 수집하지 못하도록 할 수도 있습니다.귀하의 광고 ID를 재설정하거나 관심사 기반 광고를 차단하더라도 귀하는 당사의 게임이나 기타 채널에서 여전히 광고를 볼 수 					있지만, 이러한 광고는 위에서 언급한 식별자에 기반해 타겟팅한 것이 아닙니다. 예를 들어, 이러한 광고는 게임 내에서 진행 상황과 행동과 같은 맥락 또는 귀하의 언어 설정에 기반할 수 있습니다. 정보 					수집을 차단하는 경우, 즐길 수 있는 사용자 경험이 줄어들 수 있습니다.
정보 집계 및 분석회사는 Google 애널리틱스의 일반 분석 도구를 사용하며, 때때로 추가 또는 기타 분석 도구를 사용할 수 있습니다. 이러한 					도구의 개인정보 관행은 해당 분석 도구의 개인정보 처리방침의 적용을 받습니다. 쿠키에 관한 자세한 사항은 쿠키 정책을 참조하십시오.
Google 제품Google은 쿠키와 같은 기술을 사용하여 게임 내에서 광고를 제공하기 위해 당사 사이트 그리고/또는 SDK의 사용을 추적 및 분석합니다.
					Google이 어떻게 정보를 처리하는지 자세히 알고 싶으시면, https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites에서 Google의 방침을 확인하십시오.
					Google 애널리틱스의 웹 도구 차단 관련 정보는 https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout을 참조하십시오. Google SDK가 처리하고 저장하는 정보에 관한 더 					자세한 사항은 https://support.google.com/admob/answer/7665968에서 보실 수 있습니다.

10. 정보권리주체 - 				유럽 경제 지역, 스위스 및 영국
유럽 경제 지역 (EEA), 스위스 또는 영국(UK) 주민으로 당사가 개인정보를 처리하는 분의 경우 아래와 같은 권리가 있습니다.

개인정보 액세스 요청 권리(일반적으로 "정보 주체 액세스 요청"이라고 함). 이를 통해 귀하는 당사가 보유하고 있는 귀하의 개인 정보를 사본으로 받고 당사가 이를 					합법적으로 처리하고 있는지 확인할 수 있습니다.
당사가 보유한 귀하의 개인정보 수청 요청 권리. 이를 통해 당사가 귀하에 대해 보유하고 있는 불완전 또는 부정확한 정보를 수정할 수 있습니다.
본인의 개인 정보 삭제 요청 권리. 이를 통해 당사가 계속 처리할 합당한 이유가 없는 경우 개인정보를 삭제하거나 제거하도록 요청할 수 있습니다. 또한, 귀하에 대한 정보 					처리에 반대할 경우 이 권리를 행사하여 개인정보 삭제 또는 제거를 요청할 권리가 있습니다(아래 참조).
당사(또는 제삼자)가 정당한 이익을 추구하나 특정 상황에 따라 귀하의 정보처리를 반대해야 할 경우 자신의 개인정보 처리를 반대할 권리. 또한, 당사가 직접 마케팅의 					목적으로 귀하의 개인정보를 처리할 경우 귀하는 이를 반대할 권리가 있습니다.
개인정보 처리를 제한할 권리. 이를 통해 귀하는 예를 들어 당사 정보의 정확성이나 정보처리 사유 확립이 필요하다고 생각되는 경우, 귀하에 대한 개인정보 처리를 일시 					중단하도록 요청할 수 있습니다.
귀하의 개인 데이터를 다른 당사자에게 이전하도록 요청할 권리.
일반적으로 비용 필요 없음.귀하는 자신의 개인정보에 액세스하기 위해(또는 다른 권리를 행사하기 위해) 비용을 지불할 필요가 					없습니다. 그러나 귀하의 액세스 요청이 명백히 근거가 없거나 과도할 경우 합리적인 비용을 부과할 수 있습니다. 또는, 그러한 상황에서 귀하의 요청을 거부할 수 있습니다.
당사의 요청 가능성.당사는 귀하의 신원을 확인하고 정보에 액세스할 수 있는(또는 다른 권리 행사에 필요한) 귀하의 권리를 보장하기 					위해 귀하에게 특정 정보를 요청해야 할 수도 있습니다. 이는 개인 정보가 이를 수령할 권리가 없는 사람에게 공개되지 않도록 하기 위한 또 다른 적절한 보안 조치입니다.
동의를 철회할 권리.정 목적을 위해 개인 정보를 수집, 처리 및 전송하는 데 동의한 제한된 상황에서 귀하는 언제든지 해당 특정 					처리에 대한 동의를 철회할 권리가 있습니다. 동의를 철회하려면 info@moonactive.com으로 문의하십시오. 법적으로 다른 정당한 근거가 없는 한 귀하의 동의 철회 통지를 받은 후에는 귀하가 					원래 동의한 목적을 위해 더 이상 귀하의 정보를 처리하지 않습니다.

관련 법률(예: 일반적인 정보보호 규정(GDPR) 또는 영국 GDPR)에 따라 귀하의 권리를 행사하고자 하는 경우, 여기를 클릭해 Moon Active에 연락하십시오.유럽 경제 지역(EEA)이나 영국에 				거주하는 경우, 귀하는 dpr@moonactive.com으로 이메일하여 EEA 또는 영국 담당자에게 문의할 수 있습니다.
당사의 게임을 플레이할 수 있는 제3자 애플리케이션 또는 플랫폼(예:Facebook이나 Apple, Google)에서 당사가 받은 정보를 관리하고 싶으시면, 제3자 애플리케이션의 지침에 따라 귀하의 정보를 				업데이트하고 개인정보 설정을 변경하십시오.
귀하는 정보 보호 감독 기관에 불만을 제기할 권리가 있습니다. EEA 거주자의 경우, https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en에서 				국가 감독 기관에 대해 더 자세히 알아볼 수 있습니다. 영국 거주자는 https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/를 통해 정보위원회(ICO)에 연락할 수 				있습니다.
11. 데이터 전송
귀하의 개인정보는 미국 및 기타 관할 지역에서 Moon Active와 공인 계열사, 서비스 제공업체, 비즈니스 파트너사가 적절한 서비스를 제공하기 위해 또는 법률상 필요에 따라 유지, 처리, 액세스, 저장할 수 				있습니다. Moon Active Ltd.는 영국, 스위스 및 유럽 위원회가 영국 및 유럽 경제 지역 거주자의 개인정보를 적절한 수준으로 보호하는 것으로 간주하는 관할 지역에 소재해 있습니다.
당사는 귀하와의 계약을 이행하기 위해 수집한 귀하의 개인 데이터를 EEA, 스위스 또는 영국 외부로 전송할 수 있습니다. 당사는 귀하의 개인 정보가 적절한 수준의 보호를 받을 수 있도록 다음과 					같은 조치를 통하여 제삼자가 EU 및 영국 데이터 법률을 존중하고 이와 일관성을 보이는 방식으로 귀하의 정보를 처리할 수 있도록 했습니다: EU 적합성 판단의 대상이 되는 표준 계약 조항 및 국가.
					보호 조치에 대한 추가 정보가 필요한 경우 섹션 13의 세부 정보를 사용하여 당사에 연락할 수 있습니다.
12. 미성년자
다음 게임은 만 16세 이상인 개인이 이용할 수 있습니다. "My Café: Recipes and 					stories", "Toy Defense", "Toy Defense 2", "Toy Defense: Fantasy", "Fish Now.io", “Kitchen Stars”, 					"Family Island", "My Pizza Restaurant", "Zen Match", "Travel Town".
이외의 모든 게임은 만 18세 이상 또는 귀하가 소재한 지역의 관할권이 인정하는 법적 성년인 개인만 이용할 수 있습니다.

회사는 어느 단계에서도 나이 증명 또는 부모의 동의를 요청할 권리가 있습니다. 회사는 해당 연령 이하라고 의심되는 사용자의 경우에는 차단할 수 있습니다. 회사는 고의로 미성년자의 개인 정보를 수집하지 않으며, 그렇게 하기를 원하지 않습니다. 미성년자가 당사의 서비스를 이용하거나 게임을 플레이하는 것을 알게 되었을 경우, 회사는 이러한 이용을 금지하고 차단하며 해당 미성년자에 관한 개인정보를 즉시 삭제하기 위해 최선을 다할 것입니다.

회사가 미성년자와 관련된 정보를 가지고 있다고 생각되시면, https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/en-us으로 연락해 주십시오.
			
13. 수정 및 효력이 있는 버전
회사는 때때로 서비스에 수정 버전을 게시함으로 본 개인정보 처리방침을 업데이트하고 수정할 수 있습니다. 수정 버전은 게시된 날짜로부터 효력을 갖습니다. 중대한 변경이 있는 경우, 회사는 이용 가능한 커뮤니케이션 				수단을 통해 또는 서비스에서 미리 공지합니다. 공지 기간이 지난 후에는 귀하가 모든 수정 사항에 동의한 것으로 간주합니다. 새로운 또는 변경된 개인정보 처리방침의 약관에 적용을 받고 싶지 않은 경우에는 서비스 				이용을 중단해야 합니다.
개인정보 처리방침은 영어로 초안이 작성되었으며, 영어 버전이 본 개인정보 처리방침의 원본이자 효력 있는 버전입니다. 본 개인정보 처리방침을 다른 언어로 번역한 번역본은 편의를 위해서만 제공될 뿐이며, 본 				개인정보 처리방침의 의미나 적용을 규제하지 않습니다. 개인정보 처리방침의 번역본과 영어본에 의미 차이가 있을 경우, 영어 버전이 우선합니다.
14. 연락처
본 개인 정보 보호 정책에 대하여 의견 또는 질문이 있는 경우, 개인 정보와 관련하여 우려 사항이 있는 경우, 또는 Moon Active의 개인정보 보호 관리자에게 문의를 원하시면 여기의 링크를 사용하십시오.
			
EU나 영국에 거주하는 경우 dpr@moonactive.com으로 이메일하여EU 또는 영국 담당자에게 문의할 수도 있습니다.
 
부속문서 A
지원자 개인정보 보호정책 부록
 
Moon Active는 개인정보 보호 및 보안을 위해 최선을 다하고 있습니다. 본 지원자 개인정보 보호정책 부록은 당사와의 근로 관계 수립 이전에 당사가 해당 데이터 보호 법률에 따라 귀하에 대한 개인정보를 				수집하고 사용하는 방법에 대한 설명입니다. 이는 직원, 근로자 또는 계약직에 지원하는 모든 지원자에게 적용됩니다.
 
본 지원자 개인정보 보호정책 부록은 Moon Active에 직원 및 계약직에 지원하는 모든 지원자에게 적용됩니다. 본 지원자 개인정보 보호정책 부록은 고용 계약이나 기타 서비스 제공 관련 계약의 일부를 구성하는 				것이 아닙니다. 당사는 언제든지 본 통지를 개정할 수 있습니다.
 
당사가 귀하의 개인정보를 수집하고 처리하는 특정 상황에서 본 지원자 개인정보 보호정책 부록 및 당사의 개인정보 보호정책과 기타 개인정보 관련 고지를 숙독하여 회사가 해당 정보를 사용하는 이유와 방법 및 해당 				데이터 보호법에 따른 귀하의 권리를 파악하는 것이 중요합니다.
 
A. 데이터 보호 원칙
당사는 데이터 보호 법률 준수를 위하여 당사가 보유하는 귀하 관련 개인정보를 다음과 같이 취급할 것입니다.

적법하고 공정하며 투명한 방식으로 사용할 것입니다
귀하에게 명확하게 설명한 유효한 목적으로만 수집하고 이러한 목적에 부합하지 않는 방식으로는 사용하지 않을 것입니다
귀하에게 설명한 목적과 관련이 있는 경우에만 사용하며 해당 목적으로만 사용하도록 제한할 것입니다
정확한 최신 정보로 유지할 것입니다
귀하에게 설명한 목적에 필요한 기간 동안에만 보유할 것입니다
안전하게 보존할 것입니다

B. 당사가 보유하는 귀하 관련 정보의 종류
개인정보 또는 개인 데이터란 해당 개인을 식별할 수 있는 개인의 모든 정보를 의미합니다. 신원이 삭제된 정보(익명 정보)는 이에 해당하지 않습니다. 더욱 민감한 개인정보는 "특별 범주"로 취급합니다. 이는 				개인의 건강이나 성적 취향에 대한 정보 등으로 이에 대해서는 더욱 철저한 보호가 필요합니다.
당사는 귀하에 대하여 다음 범주의 개인정보를 수집, 저장 및 사용할 수 있습니다.

이름, 직위, 주소, 전화번호, 개인 이메일 주소와 같은 개인 연락처 정보.
생년월일.
성별.
가장 가까운 친지 및 비상 연락 정보
근무지 또는 직장 위치
채용 정보(근로 허가 문서, 추천서 및 이력서, 커버 레터 또는 지원 절차에 포함된 기타 정보의 사본 포함).
고용 기록(직위, 근무 이력, 근무 시간, 휴일, 교육 기록 및 전문 회원 자격 포함).
보상 내역.
성과 정보.
징계 및 징벌 정보.
해당되는 경우 인터뷰 과정에서 카드 기록과 같은 전자적 수단을 통해 획득한 CCTV 영상 및 기타 정보.
사진.
영국의 경우 HMRC 고용 현황 확인 결과, 고용 기간 동안 중개자에 대한 귀하의 관심 및 소통에 대한 세부 정보.

C. 귀하의 개인 정보는 어떻게 수집됩니까?
당사는 채용 및 구인 절차 과정에서 지원자를 통해 직접 또는 경우에 따라 취업 에이전시를 통해 지원자의 개인정보를 수집합니다. 또한, 이전 고용주를 비롯한 제삼자로부터 추가로 정보를 수집할 수도 있습니다.
			
D. 귀하에 관한 정보를 사용하는 방법:
당사는 법률이 허용하고 합법적 명분이 있을 경우에만 귀하의 개인정보를 사용합니다. 귀하의 개인정보를 처리하는 가장 일반적인 법적 근거는 다음과 같습니다.

귀하가 이에 동의하는 경우("동의")
당사가 귀하와 체결한 계약을 이행하거나 귀하와 계약을 체결하기 위한 조치를 취하는 경우("계약").
당사가 법적 의무를 준수해야 하는 경우("법적 의무").
당사(또는 제삼자)의 정당한 이익 추구에 필요하고 귀하의 이익과 기본권이 해당 이익에 우선하지 않는 경우("법적 						이익").

당사의 요청 시 귀하가 특정 정보를 제공하지 않을 경우 당사는 채용하고자 하는 지위에 대한 귀하의 적합성을 평가할 수 없거나 법적 의무를 이행하지 못하게 될 수 있습니다.
귀하의 개인정보를 다른 이유로 사용해야 하고 해당 이유가 본래의 목적과 양립할 수 있다는 합리적 판단에 이르지 않는 한, 당사는 귀하의 정보를 본래 수집한 목적에 대하여만 사용할 것입니다. 본래 목적과 관련 				없는 용도로 귀하의 개인정보를 사용해야 하는 경우 귀하에게 해당 사실을 통지하고 그렇게 할 수 있는 법적 근거를 설명할 것입니다.
법률에서 요구하거나 법률로 허용되는 경우, 당사는 위의 규정을 준수하여 귀하의 동의나 인지 없이도 귀하의 개인정보를 처리할 수 있습니다.
당사가 보유하는 귀하 관련 개인정보가 정확하고 최신 상태인지 확인하는 것이 중요합니다. 채용 과정 동안에 발생하는 귀하의 개인정보 변경사항을 계속해서 알려 주십시오.
E. 데이터 공유:
당사는 귀하의 정보를 Moon Active의 제삼자 서비스 제공업체 및 기타 법인과 같은 제삼자와 공유해야 할 수 있습니다.
당사는 이러한 제삼자가 귀하의 정보 보안을 존중하며 이를 법률에 따라 취급할 것을 요구합니다. 당사는 귀하의 개인정보를 EU 외부로 전송할 수 있습니다. 그러한 경우에도 당사는 귀하의 개인정보가 적절하게 				보호되도록 할 것입니다. 자세한 내용은 개인정보 보호정책 섹션 10을 참조하십시오.

내 개인 데이터를 제삼자와 공유해야 하는 이유는 무엇인가요?당사는 법률 상 반드시 필요한 경우, 귀하와의 고용 관계 관리에 필요한 경우, 혹은 다른 합법적인 					이해 관계가 있는 경우에 귀하의 개인정보를 제삼자와 공유하게 됩니다.
어떤 제삼자 서비스 제공업체가 내 개인 정보를 처리하나요?"제삼자"에는 제삼자 서비스 제공업체(계약업체 및 지정 에이전시 포함)가 포함됩니다. 다음과 같은 					서비스 제공업체가 아래의 목적을 위해 귀하의 개인정보를 처리합니다.
					
Comeet – 채용


그룹의 서비스 제공업체 및 기타 기관에서 본인의 정보는 얼마나 안전하게 관리되나요?당사의 모든 서비스 제공업체는 당사 정책에 따라 귀하의 개인정보 보호를 위한 					적절한 보안 조치를 취해야 합니다. 당사는 서비스 제공업체가 해당 업체의 목적을 위해 귀하의 개인정보를 사용하도록 허용하지 않습니다. 당사는 서비스 제공업체가 지정된 목적과 당사의 지시에 따라서만 					귀하의 개인정보를 처리하도록 허용합니다.
다른 제삼자는 어떤가요?당사는 법률 준수를 위해 법률 규제 기관과 귀하의 개인정보를 공유해야 할 수도 있습니다.

F. 접근, 수정, 삭제 및 제한에 대한 권리
EEA 또는 영국 국민의 경우 특정 상황에서 당사 개인정보 보호정책 섹션 9에 명시된 데이터 주체로서의 권리를 행사할 수 있습니다. 귀하의 개인정보를 검토, 확인, 수정 또는 삭제하도록 요청하거나 귀하 관련 				정보의 처리에 반대하거나, 귀하의 개인정보 사본을 다른 당사자에게 전송하도록 요청하려면 본 개인정보 보호정책 섹션 9를 참조하십시오.
G. 데이터 보유
당사는 관련 법률 및 규정에 따른 법률, 회계 또는 보고 요건을 충족하기 위한 목적을 비롯하여 해당 개인정보 수집 목적을 달성하는 데 필요한 기간 동안만 귀하의 개인정보를 보유할 것입니다. 당사는 개인정보의 				분량과 그 성격 및 민감도, 개인정보의 무단 사용이나 공개로 인한 잠재적인 위험 그리고, 개인정보 처리 목적 및 다른 수단이나 법적 요구를 통해 이러한 목적을 달성할 수 있는 지 여부에 따라 개인정보의 적절한 				보유 기간을 정합니다. 지원자의 정보가 더 이상 필요하지 않으면 해당 법률 및 규정에 따라 귀하의 개인정보를 안전하게 파기합니다.
H. 문의
질문이나 우려 사항이 있는 경우 개인 정보 보호 정책 섹션 14의 세부 정보를 사용하여 당사에 연락할 수 있습니다.




Moon Active – Adatvédelmi szabályzat
Utolsó frissítés: 2023. Június
Bevezetés
A Moon Active Ltd. és annak leányvállalatai és partnervállalatai 				(„Moon Active”, „mi”, 				„miénk” vagy „minket”) közösségi 				játékokat fejleszt, tesz közzé és működtet webes és 				mobilkörnyezetekben („Játékok”), webes és 				mobilalkalmazásokban (’Alkalmazások”) hogy Játékainkat 				több eszközön és platformon (például mobileszközökön és a 				Facebookon) lehessen játszani.
Mi üzemeltetjük a www.moonactive.com, 				www.melsoft-games.com 				weboldalakat, ezek aldomainjeit és kapcsolódó funkcióit, (továbbá egy 				online áruházat (együttesen a „Oldalakat”, valamint a 				Játékkal és Alkalmazással együttesen – a 				„Szolgáltatásokat”).
A Moon Active tiszteletben tartja adatainak védelmét és elkötelezett az iránt, hogy 				adatait még átláthatóbban és tisztességesebben kezeljék 				gyakorlataink. A jelen Adatvédelmi irányelvben bemutatjuk, hogy Oldalainkra történő 				látogatásakor, az Alkalmazás telepítésekor és a Játékmenet 				során, illetve amikor interakcióba lép  velünk vagy más módon 				hozzáfér vagy használja a Szolgáltatásainkat, hogyan gyűjtjük, 				tároljuk, használjuk fel, közöljük az Ön személyes adatait.
Kifejezetten kérjük, hogy olvassa el a jelen Adatvédelmi 				szabályzatot, és győződjön meg arról, hogy teljes 					mértékben megértette-e a tartalmát és elfogadja-e azt. Amennyiben nem 					ért egyet a jelen Adatvédelmi irányelvvel, kérjük fejezze be 					Szolgáltatásaink használatát és kerülje azokat. Jelen Adatvédelmi 					irányelv értelmében Önnek bármikor joga van megszakítani 					Szolgáltatásaink használatát.
A Moon Active adatkezelő. Ez azt jelenti, hogy mi felelünk annak eldöntéséért, 				miként őrizzük és használjuk az Önre vonatkozó személyes adatokat.
				Bizonyos adatvédelmi jogszabályok értelmében kötelesek vagyunk Önt 				értesíteni a jelen Adatvédelmi  szabályzatban foglalt 				információkban.  Jogi értelemben Ön nem köteles 				megadni nekünk Személyes adatait, azonban ezek nélkül nem lennénk képesek 				arra, hogy a lehető legjobb élményt nyújtsuk Önnek a Szolgáltatásaink 				használata során (például folytathatja a Játékokat Facebook fiókja 				csatlakoztatása nélkül is, azonban így nem tudja élvezni a 				közösségi funkciókat).

Adatgyűjtés
Adatok használata
Tárolás és megőrzés
Személyes adatok törlése és 						fiókok lezárása
Adatok megosztása
Kommunikáció
Adatbiztonság
Sütik és követési 						technológiák
Hirdetési tevékenység
Adatalanyok jogai – Európai Gazdasági Térség, 						Svájc és Egyesült Királyság
Adattranszferek
Kiskorúak
Módosítások és ellenőrző 						verziók
Kapcsolattartás

 1. Adatgyűjtés
Négy fő kategóriában gyűjtünk adatokat (amennyiben ez alkalmas egy adott személy 				azonosítására, vagy ilyen jellegű adathoz köthető, akkor azt 				„Személyes adatnak” tekintjük).

Automatikusan gyűjtött vagy generált adatokAmikor valaki ellátogat, 					interakcióba lép vagy használja Szolgáltatásainkat, ideértve az 					általunk vagy a Szolgáltatáson keresztül részükre küldött 					e-maileket vagy szöveges üzeneteket, műszaki adatokat gyűjthetünk vagy generálhatunk 					róluk. Ilyen adatokat vagy függetlenül, vagy külső fél 					segítségével gyűjtünk vagy generálunk ideértve a 					„sütik” és egyéb követésre alkalmas technológiákat is 					(részletesen lásd alább).Ilyen adat lehet a kapcsolattal, technikai vagy 					aggregát használati adat, például IP-cím, játékon belüli 					azonosító, játékon belüli statisztika, játék 					beállítás, egyedi hirdetői azonosító (például IDFA; ezt az 					azonosítót az operációs rendszer kezelési utasításaiban tudja 					visszaállítani), azonosításra nem alkalmas adatok készülékekről, 					operációs rendszerről, böngészőről vagy alkalmazásverzióról, 					mobilszolgáltatóról, helyi és nyelvi beállításokról, 					Szolgáltatásainkban, Alkalmazásainkban vagy Játékmenet során 					tapasztalt felhasználói aktivitás (például játékmenet 					tartalom/termék interakció és hirdetési adatok); diagnosztikai adatok 					(például leállás adatai, vagy a játék 					teljesítményével kapcsolatos adatok). Ezeket az adatokat nem használjuk fel arra, 					hogy kiderítsük egy személy valós személyazonosságát, hanem 					leginkább azt a célt szolgálják, hogy megértsük a 					felhasználóink hogyan használják a Szolgáltatásainkat. Az ilyen 					technikai és eszközadatok használata segít továbbá nekünk és 					partnereinknek abban, hogy a felhasználók érdeklődési körének megfelelő 					vagy hatékonyabb hirdetéseket és tartalmat kínáljunk vagy 					kínáljanak, optimalizálni tudjuk hirdetéskezelésünket, és a 					megtekintési élményt), valamint, hogy fejlesszük az általános 					élményt és a Szolgáltatásaink felhasználói 					élményét. A hirdetési célú felhasználásról 					bővebben lásd a 4. fejezetet lent.
Az Öntől kapott adatok: Személyes adatait Ön önkéntesen adja 					meg nekünk, például, amikor fiókot hoz létre nálunk, kapcsolatba 					lép velünk (a Facebookon, Messengeren, e-mailben, játékon belüli 					csevegésben vagy más csatornán, ideértve az ügyfélszolgálatot 					is), amikor nyilvános fórumainkon vagy csoportjainkban posztol, amikor megadja nekünk az 					e-mail címét (például amikor feliratkozik e-mail értesítésekre 					vagy ajándékokra), amikor részt vesz egy versenyen, vetélkedőn, tornán 					és egyéb promócióban, amikor vásárol valamelyik 					játékunkban, vagy interakcióba lép más felhasználókkal a 					játékon belüli csevegésben, vagy amikor csatlakoztatja Facebook, Google, Apple vagy 					hasonló fiókját valamelyik játékunkhoz.
A Facebooktól és más csatornákon keresztül kapott 						adatok:Amikor csatlakoztatja a Játékot Facebook, Google, Apple vagy 					hasonló fiókjához, hozzáférést kapunk nyilvános 					profiljához, ideértve (azokat, amelyeket „nyilvánosra” állított) 					értelemszerűen teljes nevét (a Facebookon, Google vagy Apple számára megadott e-mail 					címét/címeit), nemét, profilképét vagy hasonló fotót, 					tartózkodási helyét, időzónáját és a Játékkal 					játszó ismerősei listáját. Ezáltal meg tudjuk Önnek jeleníteni 					barátai nyilvános profilképeit a Játékban, és létre tudjuk 					hozni a játékban ismerősei listáját. Ezen kívül mi vagy hirdetési 					partnereink megkaphatják a Facebooktól és más marketing csatornáinktól 					a hirdetési kampányaink teljesítményére vonatkozó 					általános információkat, például a célközönség 					korcsoportját vagy érdeklődését, és mi vagy partnereink ezeket az 					általános adatokat hozzá tudjuk kapcsolni más, birtokunkban lévő adatokhoz 					(hirdetési gyakorlatainkról bővebben lásd a 8. fejezetet alább).Amennyiben 					Szolgáltatásunkat külső félen keresztül, például a Facebookon, 					Google-en vagy az Apple-en keresztül éri el, vagy Szolgáltatásunkat külső 					fiókhoz csatlakoztatja, olvassa el a vonatkozó használati feltételeket és az 					adatvédelmi irányelveket. Ha nem biztos abban, hogy a külső alkalmazás milyen 					információt oszt meg velünk, látogasson el a külső fél weboldalára, 					és tájékozódjon az adatvédelmi irányelveikről.
Tranzakciós adatok: A Játékon belüli 					vásárlásokat általában az adott platformszolgáltató 					(például az Apple, Google, vagy Facebook) dolgozza fel, mi nem gyűjtjük vagy tároljuk 					pénzügyi adatait, például hitelkártya vagy bankszámla adatait. Azonban a 					vásárlás teljesítése és pénzügyi 					nyilvántartásunkhoz megkaphatjuk a vásárlással kapcsolatos nem 					pénzügyi Személyes adatait, így nevét, számlázási 					címét, e-mail címét, a megvásárolt tételeket.

 2. Adatok használata
Személyes adatainak gyűjtésére vonatkozó jogalapunk attól függ, hogy milyen 				célból dolgozzuk fel adatait, általában a következő célokból 				történhet ez:

„Szerződés teljesítése” - Ezt a jogalapot arra használjuk, hogy 					biztosítani tudjuk Önnek a Játékot, ideértve a közösségi 					játékmódot, amikor Facebook, Google és Apple fiókjával lép be, 					ügyfélszolgálatunkat, valamint, hogy a szolgáltatással kapcsolatban 					kommunikáljunk Önnel, ajándékokat vagy díjakat küldjünk.
„Beleegyezés” - Korlátozott esetekben (amikor közvetlen marketing e-mailekre 					iratkozik fel, elfogadja Oldalaink sütijeit) Személyes adatait a beleegyezése alapján 					dolgozzuk fel.  Bármikor visszavonhatja beleegyezését, ha a 13. fejezetben taglalt 					részletek megadásával felveszi velünk a kapcsolatot.
„Jogos érdekek” - Jogos érdekeink alapján dolgozzuk fel Személyes 					adatait Szolgáltatásunk és ajánlataink karbantartása és 					fejlesztése során, amikor értelmezzük Szolgáltatásunk 					működését, hatékony hirdetéseket helyezünk el Játékainkban 					és más csatornákon keresztül, felhasználókat rendelünk a 					játékban megjelenített ismerős listákhoz, fejlesztjük 					ügyfélszolgálati működésünket, a csalások felfedezését, 					védjük és biztosítjuk felhasználóinkat, magunkat és 					Szolgáltatásainkat.
„Megfelelés jogi kötelezettségeknek” - Korlátozott esetekben 					Személyes Adatait akkor is feldolgozzuk, amikor jogi kötelezettségnek kell eleget 					tennünk, például törvényi kötelezettségnek, vagy ha 					felszólítást kapunk bíróságtól vagy más 					szabályozó testülettől.

A Személyes adatok felhasználásának céljait alább fejtjük ki 				részletesen:

Szolgáltatásaink facilitálása, működtetése és 					biztosítása;
Játékosaink hitelesítése és azonosítása, 					hozzáférés biztosítása számukra további funkciókhoz; 				
Ügyfélszolgálat, támogatás és műszaki segítség 					biztosítása felhasználóinknak;
Interakció biztosítására más játékosokkal a 					játékban;
Szolgáltatásaink és a felhasználói élmény 					továbbfejlesztése, testre szabása és fejlesztése közösségi 					vagy személyes preferenciák, tapasztalatok és nehézségek alapján, 					beleértve az ön profiljának és ismerősei listájának személyre 					szabását;
Hirdetések hatékonyabb kezelése és megjelenítése, ideértve a 					kontextuális, viselkedés- és érdeklődésalapú hirdetéseket a 					Játékban való előrehaladás és tevékenység, preferenciák 					és más rendelkezésünkre vagy szolgáltatóink rendelkezésére 					álló adatok alapján többek között újratargetálási 					célból;
Felhasználóink tájékoztatása (e-mailben, Facebookon keresztül, push 					értesítésekkel vagy más csatornákon) általános vagy 					személyre szabott üzenetekkel (például vásárlás 					megerősítése vagy rendszerkarbantartásról szóló üzenetek); 					felhasználóink megkeresése promóciós üzenetekkel (például 					a Játék frissítései, bónuszok, új funkciók, VIP 					szolgáltatások stb.); események és promóciók 					facilitálása, szponzorálása vagy figyelembe ajánlása;
Adatbiztonsági lépéseink támogatása és fejlesztése, 					ideértve a csalás, hibák, illegális vagy tiltott tevékenységek 					kockázatának megelőzését és csökkentését;
Aggregát statisztikai adatok készítése kikövetkeztetett nem személyes, 					névtelenített vagy pszeudo-anonimizált adatokból (nem személyes adatok), 					amelyeket mi vagy szolgáltatóink a szolgáltatások biztosítására 					és fejlesztésére használhatnak fel; továbbá
A vonatkozó törvényeknek és szabályozásoknak való 					megfelelés céljából.

 3. Tárolás és megőrzés
Bár az adatvédelmi törvények a különböző joghatóságok 				között eltérőek lehetnek, a Moon Active minden ésszerű lépést megtett annak 				biztosítása érdekében, hogy az Ön Személyes adatait 				társvállalataink és Szolgáltatóink biztonságosan és a 				törvények betartása mellett kezelje, megfelelve a mindenkori iparági üzleti 				gyakorlatnak, függetlenül attól, hogy a jogszabályi előírások esetleg 				kevésbé szigorúak az adott entitás esetében.  
Személyes adatait kapcsolatunk fenntartása és bővítése, valamint 				Szolgáltatásaink nyújtása érdekében őrizzük meg. Személyes 				adatait csak addig őrizhetjük, ameddig az szükséges a gyűjtésük céljainak 				teljesítéséhez.  Más szóval Személyes adatait mindaddig megtartjuk, 				ameddig felhasználónk marad, vagy eltérő rendelkezést nem adott. Fiókja 				törlésével minden ésszerű lépést megteszünk Személyes adatainak 				törlése érdekében. Személyes adatait jogi és pénzügyi 				célokkal is megőrizhetjük (például az adminisztrációra és 				könyvelésre vonatkozó törvényi előírások, a közöttünk 				fennálló kapcsolat igazolására, amennyiben jogvita keletkezne azután, hogy 				már nem használja a szolgáltatást) Adatrögzítési 				irányelveinknek megfelelően. Ha kérdése van adatmegőrzési szabályzatunkkal 				kapcsolatban, lépjen velünk kapcsolatba a. https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/en-us oldalon.
Kérjük, vegye figyelembe, hogy amennyiben az alkalmazandó törvények 				másképpen nem rendelkeznek, nem vagyunk kötelesek kötött ideig megőrizni 				személyes adatait, azokat előzetes értesítés nélkül bármikor 				indoklás nélkül biztonságosan törölhetjük.
Bizonyos körülmények között névteleníthetjük az ön 				személyes adatait, hogy azokat többé ne lehessen önnel társítani, amely 				esetben az ilyen információkat külön értesítés nélkül 				felhasználhatjuk, és azok többé nem minősülnek személyes adatnak a jelen 				adatvédelmi szabályzat értelmében.
4. Személyes adatok törlése 					és fiókok lezárása
A jelen adatvédelmi szabályzatban közölt egyéb jogokon kívül (A 				Jelöltek adatvédelmére vonatkozó függelékben közölteket 				kivéve) ön az adott játékban hozzáférve a „Fiók 				törlése” gombhoz és az instrukciókat követve bármikor rendelkezhet 				úgy, hogy a Moon Active törölje a személyes adatait.  Ennek az opciónak a 				választása a fiókja bezárásához és az összes korábbi 				játéka információinak, vásárlási információinak, a 				közösségi médiába való belépéseinek és a 				Játékkal kapcsolatban önnel társított egyéb információk 				törlését vonja maga után. A törlés visszavonhatatlan. Ha több 				Játéknál tart fenn fiókot, akkor mindegyik bezárását 				külön-külön kell kérnie.
Kérése befogadása után annak sürgősen eleget fogunk tenni. de kérjük, 				hogy adjon időt a feldolgozására. Arra is fenntartjuk a jogot, hogy másolatot őrizzünk 				olyan személyes adatokról, amelyek megőrzését előírják nekünk a 				vonatkozó jogszabályok.
 5. Adatok megosztása
Adatait bizonyos külső felekkel megoszthatjuk, ideértve a bűnüldöző szerveket, 				Szolgáltatóinkat és partnervállalatainkat.  A következő 				körülmények között osztjuk meg adatait:

Törvényeknek jogrendeknek és hatóságoknak való 						megfelelés:  A kormányzati és bűnüldöző szervezetek 					tisztségviselői számára hozzáférést biztosíthatunk bizonyos 					Személyes adatokhoz, ha azokat idézéshez, házkutatási engedélyhez vagy 					bírósági  határozathoz (vagy hasonló követelmény) kell 					rendelkezésre bocsátani, illetve erre törvény vagy jogszabály kötelez 					bennünket, ideértve a nemzetbiztonsági okokat is. Az ilyen adatközlést vagy 					adatokhoz való hozzáférést akár az Ön értesítése 					nélkül is megtehetjük, ha jóhiszeműen feltételezhető, hogy ez 					törvényi kötelezettségünk, vagy az adatközlés nyomozati érdeket 					szolgál, feltételezett illegális tevékenység, csalás vagy 					visszaélés megakadályozását vagy elhárítását 					szolgálja.
Szolgáltatók:  Kiválasztott külső vállalatokat, 					alvállalkozókat és magányszemélyeket felkérhetünk 					számunkra elengedhetetlen szolgáltatások nyújtására 					(például webes tárhely-szolgáltatás, adatelemzési 					szolgáltatás, marketing ügynökségek és hirdetési 					szolgáltatók és eszközök, adat- és kiberbiztonsági 					szolgáltatások, csalás felderítés és megakadályozás, 					fizetésfeldolgozási szolgáltatások, ügyféltámogatási 					partnerek, külső moderátorok és tesztelők, felhasználók 					bevonásával kapcsolatos szolgáltatások, e-mail küldési és 					ellenőrzési szolgáltatások, munkamenet rögzítések, üzleti, jogi, 					pénzügyi és megfelelőségi tanácsadók( (együttesen 					„Szolgáltatók”). Ezek a Szolgáltatók 					hozzáférhetnek az Ön Személyes adataihoz attól függően, hogy milyen 					szerepet töltenek be Szolgáltatásaink facilitálásában és 					biztosításában, az adatokat azonban kizárólag azokra a célokra 					dolgozhatják fel, amelyekre utasítottuk őket. Szolgáltatóinkkal a névhez nem 					köthető, statisztikai vagy aggregát információkat jogos üzleti 					célból is megoszthatjuk.
Integráció külső féllel:  A Szolgáltatások 					használatával Ön külső szolgáltatásokkal integrálhatja azokat, 					például összekötheti Facebook, Google vagy Apple fiókját egy adott 					Játékkal, bejelentkezhet Facebook, Google vagy Apple fiókjával, fizetési 					tranzakciókat bonyolíthat le, ez esetben az adott külső fél (például 					Apple, Google, Facebook) használati feltételei és adatvédelmi rendelkezései 					vonatkoznak Önre, ezért fontos, hogy ezeket az igénybevétel előtt olvassa el és 					fogadja el. Ezen külső feleknél megadott jelszavait nem fogadjuk és nem tároljuk.
Jogi védelem és biztonság:  Személyes adatait akár 					az Ön értesítése nélkül is megoszthatjuk másokkal, ha 					jóhiszeműen azt feltételezhetjük, hogy ez segít megvédeni a Moon Active, 					felhasználóink vagy a nyilvánosság tagjainak jogait, tulajdonát vagy 					személyes biztonságát.
A Moon Active leányvállalatai és 						társvállalatai:  Személyes adatokat belső körben oszthatunk meg 					a cégcsoporthoz tartozó vállalatokkal a jelen Adatvédelmi irányelvben 					részletezett célokból. Ezen kívül amennyiben a Moon Active vagy 					társvállalatai átalakuláson mennének keresztül például egy 					összeolvadás, megvásárlás vagy eszközeinek 					felvásárlása következtében, Személyes adatai megosztásra 					kerülhetnek az új felekkel. Amennyiben úgy ítéljük meg, hogy nálunk 					tárolt Személyes adataira jelentős hatással van a tulajdonosváltás 					értesítjük Önt a lehetőségeiről e-mailben és/vagy egyéb, 					Szolgáltatásunkban küldött értesítésben.

A kétségek eloszlatása érdekében a Moon Active Személyes adatait más 				formában is megoszthatja, az Ön kifejezett jóváhagyását követően, vagy, 				ha erre jogszabály kötelez bennünket, vagy, ha az adatokat sikeresen anonimizáltuk és 				megszüntettük személyes voltukat. A nem személyes adatokat saját 				hatáskörünkben eljárva további beleegyezés kérése 				nélkül átadhatjuk, megoszthatjuk vagy más módon felhasználhatjuk.
 6. Kommunikáció

Szolgáltatással kapcsolatos kommunikáció:Kapcsolatba 					léphetünk Önnel a Szolgáltatásainkat érintő fontos 					információkkal kapcsolatban. Például értesítést 					küldhetünk (a rendelkezésünkre álló csatornákon keresztül) a 					Szolgáltatásinkkal kapcsolatos változások vagy frissítések, 					számlázási ügyek stb. kapcsán. Az ilyen, szolgáltatással 					kapcsolatos kommunikációról nem tud leiratkozni.
Promóciókkal kapcsolatos kommunikáció:  Ha feliratkozott ilyen jellegű 					kommunikációra, értesítéseket küldhetünk új 					szolgáltatásainkról, eseményeinkről és különleges 					lehetőségeinkről, vagy minden olyan információról, amelyet értékesnek 					tartunk. Ilyen értesítéseket a rendelkezésünkre álló 					lehetőségeken (például telefon, mobiltelefon, e-mail), a Szolgáltatásokon 					vagy marketing kampányainkon, illetve más oldalakon vagy platformokon keresztül 					küldhetünk.

Ön bármikor visszavonhatja a promóciós kommunikációval kapcsolatosan adott 				beleegyezését.  Ennek érdekében kapcsolatban léphet velünk a  https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/en-us oldalon, vagy 				a kapott promóciós kommunikációban található 				„leiratkozás”, „leállítás” vagy „e-mail 				preferenciák módosítása” lehetőségre kattinthat.
7. Adatbiztonság
Annak érdekében, hogy a nálunk és Szolgáltatóinknál tárolt 				Személyes adatait meg tudjuk védeni, megfelelő fizikai és elektronikai biztonsági 				eljárásokat alkalmazzuk, ideértve a titkosítást is, ahol azt célszerűnek 				tekinthetjük. Azonban ne feledje, hogy minden biztonsági intézkedés ellenére sem 				tudunk abszolút védelmet és biztonságot biztosítani a nálunk vagy az 5.
				fejezet szerinti külső feleknél tárolt Személyes adatokra. Ha a 				Szolgáltatásokkal összefüggésben biztonságot vagy sebezhetőséget 				érintő problémát észlel. küldjön e-mailt az info@moonactive.com címre.
8. Sütik és követési 					technológiák
Szolgáltatásaink és néhány Szolgáltatónk úgynevezett 				„sütiket”, anonim azonosítókat, és egyéb követésre alkalmas 				technológiát (együttesen „Követésre alkalmas 					technológiák”) használ, amelyek abban segítenek, hogy fejlesszük 				Szolgáltatásainkat, személyre szabjuk az élményt, és ellenőrizzük 				tevékenységeink és kampányaink teljesítményét, 				Alkalmazásaink, Játékaink és Szolgáltatásaink használatát.
				Bővebben lásd a sütiszabályzatunkat.
			
9. Hirdetési tevékenység
Játékaink külső felek szolgáltatásaira és termékeire vonatkozó 				hirdetéseket tartalmaznak. Hirdető partnereinkkel felhasználunk önre vonatkozó adatokat a 				hirdetési gyakorlatok jobbítása és az általunk közölt hirdetések 				hatékonyabbá, relevánsabbá és élvezhetőbbé tétele 				céljából, beleértve az érdeklődésen alapuló hirdetések 				szolgáltatását, célmeghatározását, a 				hirdetésméretezési és attribúciós rendszereket.
 
Az ilyen adatok közé tartoznak a készüléke hirdetésazonosítói 				(pl. IDFA és hirdetésazonosító, a rendelkezésre álló 				mértékig), az ön Facebook, Google vagy Apple profiljához kapcsolódó adatokat 				(így a neméti, régióját vagy országát), a játékmenet 				tartalmát, a felhasználó játékban használt 				azonosítóját, a termék intererakciós adatait, egyéb demográfiai 				és érdeklődés alapú információkat, melyeket mi vagy a hirdetési 				partnereink kaphattak öntől vagy önről az ön beleegyezése alapján vagy más 				törvényes alapon (azaz amennyire azok szükségesek a szolgáltatásaink 				nyújtásához vagy a fenti ismertetett jogos érdekeink alapján).
 
Az általunk vagy hirdetőpartnereink által nyújtott hirdetéseink megjelenhetnek a 				Játékainkon, a szolgáltatásainkon belül vagy olyan más csatornákon 				keresztül, mint külső felek weboldalai és alkalmazásai.
A jelen adatvédelmi szabályzat nem vonatkozik a tulajdonunkban vagy ellenőrzésünk alatt nem 				álló cégek gyakorlatára, az általunk nem irányított 				munkavállalókra és Szolgáltatókra. A Szolgáltatásainkon 				keresztül hirdetett oldalaknak, alkalmazásoknak vagy szolgáltatásoknak ön 				által átadott információkra kiterjednek az itt meghatározottak szerint 				alkalmazandó adatvédelmi irányelvek. Kérjük, feltétlenül  olvassa 				el az olyan külső felek ön által felkeresett alkalmazásainak, 				szolgáltatásainak és oldalainak adatvédelmi irányelveit, akiknek ön 				hozzáférést engedélyez az információihoz. Az ilyen harmadik felek 				felelőssége az ön által átadott információk védelme, tehát 				bennünket nem terhel felelősség az ön személyes azonosításra alkalmas 				információi általuk való használatáért. Bővebben lásd a 				sütiszabályzatunkat.

Hogyan módosítsa preferenciáit az érdeklődés alapú 						hirdetésekre vonatkozóanHa meg akarja akadályozni 					készüléke hirdetési azonosítójának vagy más 					azonosítójának érdeklődés alapú hirdetéshez való 					használatát, akkor az ilyen hirdetési  azonosító 					helyreállításához megváltoztathatja a készüléke 					beállításait vagy kijelentkezhet az ilyen hirdetési tevékenység 					alól (ez általában a készülékek beállításai 					között az „Adatvédelem” vagy a „Hirdetések” rész alatt 					érhető el). Ha ön az USA-ban, Kanadában vagy Európában lakik, emellett adatai 					gyűjtésére a Digital Advertising Alliance-ben résztvevő hirdetőpartnereinknek adott 					engedélyét visszavonhatja a következő oldalak felkeresésével:
					www.aboutads.info/choices (USA-beli felhasználók esetén), a www.youradchoices.ca/choices 					(kanadai felhasználók esetén) és a www.youronlinechoices.eu (európai 					felhasználók esetén).Tájékoztatjuk, hogy ha visszaállítja 					a hirdetési azonosítóját vagy kijelentkezik az érdeklődés alapú 					hirdetés alól, továbbra is láthat hirdetéseket a Játékainkban 					vagy egyéb csatornákon, de azok a hirdetések nem lesznek célzottak a fent 					említett azonosítók alapján. Például, lehetséges, hogy az ilyen 					hirdetések alapja a kontextus, így az ön előre jutása és cselekvései a 					Játékokban vagy a nyelvi preferenciái. Tájékoztatjuk, hogy lehetséges, 					hogy ezek az intézkedések kevésbé élvethető felhasználói 					élményeket eredményeznek.
Aggregált és analitikai információkA Google Analytics bevált 					analitikai eszközeit használjuk, és lehetséges, hogy időről időre egyéb 					analitikai eszközöket is alkalmazunk. Ezen eszközök adatvédelmi módszereire a 					saját adatvédelmi irányelveik vonatkoznak. Bővebb lásd a 					sütiszabályzatunkat.
GoogletermékekA Google olyan technológiákat használ, mint a 					sütik, az oldalaink használatának követéséhez és 					elemzéséhez, és/vagy egy SDK-t a hirdetések felszolgálásához a 					Játékainkon belül. Ha többet akar tudni arról, hogyan dolgozza fel a Google az 					adatokat, javasoljuk, hogy tekintse meg a Google irányelveit itt:
					 https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites. További 					tájékoztatásért tekintse meg a Google Analytics kijelentkezéseket kezelő 					webes eszközét itt:  https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. Azon adatokra vonatkozó 					további tájékoztatásért, melyeket a Google SDK feldolgoz és 					tárol, tekintse meg a https://support.google.com/admob/answer/7665968 oldalt

 10. Adatalanyok jogai – 				Európai Gazdasági Térség, Svájc és Egyesült 					Királyság 
Ha Ön az Európai Gazdasági Térség (EGT), Svájc vagy az Egyesült 				Királyság (UK) lakosa, akire vonatkozóan személyes adatokat dolgozunk fel,
Önnek jogában áll:

Hozzáférést kérelmezni személyes adataihoz (közismert 					elnevezéssel: „adatalany hozzáférési kérelme”). Ennek 					révén másolatot tud kapni az önről általunk őrzött személyes 					adatokról, hogy ellenőrizze, hogy jogszerűen kezeljük azokat.
Helyesbítését kérelmezni az önről általunk őrzött 					személyes adatoknak. Ennek révén helyesbíttetni tudja az általunk önről 					őrzött hiányod vagy pontatlan információknak.
Végleges törlését kérelmezni az ön adatainak. Ennek 					révén felkérhet minket a személyes adatok törlésére vagy 					eltávolítására abban az esetben, ha nincs kellő okunk azok további 					kezelésére. Jogában áll felkérni minket a személyes adatok 					törlésére vagy eltávolítására abban az esetben is, ha élt 					a kezelés elleni kifogásemelésre vonatkozó jogával (lásd 					alább).
Kifogást emelni a személyes adatai kezelése ellen abban 					az esetben, ha jogos érdekünkre vagy egy harmadik félére hagyatkozunk, és az 					ön sajátos helyzetével kapcsolatban van valami, ami miatt ezen az alapon ön 					kifogást akar emelni. Önnek akkor is jogában áll kifogást emelni, ha direkt 					marketing céljából dolgozzuk fel az ön személyes adatait.
Kérelmezni a személyes adatai feldolgozásának 						korlátozását. Ennek révén ön kérheti az önre 					vonatkozó személyes adatok feldolgozásának felfüggesztését, 					például, ha ön meg akarja állapítani azok pontosságát vagy a 					feldolgozásuk indokát.
Kérelmezni személyes adatai átadását egy harmadik félnek.
Általában nem kell díjat fizetni.Nem kell majd díjat fizetnie a 					személyes adataihoz való hozzáférésért (vagy más jogainak 					gyakorlásáért). Azonban lehetséges, hogy észszerű díjat 					számítunk fel, ha a hozzáférés iránti kérelme 					egyértelműen alaptalan vagy túlzott. Alternatívaképpen lehetséges, hogy ilyen 					körülmények között megtagadjuk kérése 					teljesítését.
Mire lehet szükségünk öntől.Lehet, hogy bizonyos információkat kell 					kérnünk öntől ahhoz, hogy meggyőződhessünk az ön 					személyazonosságáról, és jogot biztosítsunk önnek az 					információkhoz való hozzáférésre (vagy bármely más 					jogának a gyakorlására). Ez egy másik helyénvaló biztonsági 					intézkedés annak biztosítása végett, hogy a személyes adatok nem 					tárulnak fel olyan személy előtt, akinek nem áll jogában megkapni azokat.
A beleegyezés visszavonásának joga.Azon korlátozott 					körülmények között, amikor lehetséges, hogy ön belegyezését 					adta személyes adatai gyűjtéséhez, feldolgozásához és 					átadásához egy bizonyos céllal, jogában áll bármikor 					visszavonni beleegyezését az adott feldolgozáshoz. Ha vissza akarja vonni 					beleegyezését, írjon az info@moonactive.com címre. Amint 					értesítést kapunk arról, hogy ön visszavonta a beleegyezését, 					többé nem dolgozzuk fel az ön információit az ön által elfogadott 					cél(ok)ra kivéve, ha a törvény értelmében egyéb jogalapunk van 					arra.

Amennyiben a vonatkozó törvényeknek megfelelően szeretné gyakorolni jogait 				(például UK Data Protection Laws vagy az EU GDPR jogszabály), vegye fel velünk a 				kapcsolatot itt.
Ha az EGT-ben vagy a UK-ben lakik, felveheti a kapcsolatot EU vagy UK képviselőjével is itt: dpr@moonactive.com.
Amennyiben kezelni szeretné a külső felek által működtetett alkalmazástól vagy 				platformtól kapott, Önre vonatkozó információkat, például ha a 				Facebook, Google vagy Apple fiókjával játszik játékainkkal, kövesse az adott 				külső fél alkalmazásának vonatkozó utasításait az 				információi frissítése vagy az adatvédelmi beállításai 				változtatása vonatkozásában.
Önnek joga van panasszal élni az adatvédelmi felügyeletet ellátó 				hatóságnál.  Az EGT lakói az országuk felügyeleti 				hatóságról a következő linken tájékozódhatnak https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en.
				Az Egyesült Királyságban lakók az Information Commissioner’s Office hivatalát 				a következő linken érik el: https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/.
 11. Adattranszferek
Lehetséges, hogy az ön személyes adatait a Moon Active és USA-beli vagy más 				joghatóságok alá tartozó, felhatalmazott partnervállalatai és 				Szolgáltatói tartják karban, dolgozzák fel, tárolják és 				férnek hozzá azokhoz a Szolgáltatásaink megfelelő teljesítése 				érdekében, vagy aszerint, ahogy azt jogszabályok előírják. A Moon Active 				központja olyan hatóság, amely az UK, Svájc és az Európai Bizottság 				hatóságai megítélése szerint megfelelő szintű védelmet nyújt az EGT 				és az UK lakosai személyes adatainak megfelelő szintű védelméhez.
Lehetséges, hogy az önnel kötött szerződésünk teljesítés 				érdekében az önről gyűjtött személyes adatokat az EGT, Svájc és az UK 				területén kívülre adjuk át. Annak biztosítása végett, hogy az 				ön személyes adatai is megfelelő szintű védelmet élvezzenek, a következő 				intézkedéseket vezettük be annak biztosítás céljából, hogy az 				ön személyes adatait azok a harmadik felek oly módon kezelik, amely összhangban áll 				az EU és a UK adatvédelmi törvényeivel és azokat tiszteletben tartja:
				általános szerződéses klauzulák és országok, amelyek az EU 				határozata alapján adekvátnak számítanak. Ha a 				védőintézkedésekről további információkra van szüksége, akkor 				a 13. szakaszban közölt adatok segítségével léphet velünk kapcsolatba.
			
 12. Kiskorúak
A következő játékok érhetők el a tizenhatodik (16) életévüket 					betöltött személyek számára:  „My Café: Recipes and 				stories”, „Toy Defense”, „Toy Defense 2”, „Toy Defense: Fantasy”, 				„Fish Now.io”, „Kitchen Stars”, „Family Island”, „My Pizza 				Restaurant”, „Zen Match”, „Travel Town”.
Minden más játékkal és szolgáltatással csak a tizennyolcadik 					(18) életévüket betöltött, illetve az ön 					joghatóságában nagykorúnak minősülő személyek 					játszhatnak.
Fenntartjuk magunknak a jogot, hogy bármikor megkérhessük az életkor 				igazolására vagy a szülői hozzájárulás 				bemutatására. Blokkolhatjuk a szolgáltatást azoknál 					a Felhasználóknál, akikről azt feltételezzük, hogy nem 					töltötték be az előírt életkort. Szándékosan nem gyűjtünk 					Személyes adatokat kiskorúaktól, és nem is kívánunk így tenni.
					Amennyiben tudomásunkra jut, hogy kiskorú személy használja a 					Szolgáltatásainkat vagy játszik valamelyik Játékunkkal, megtilthatjuk vagy 					blokkolhatjuk a használatot, és minden tőlünk telhető lépést megteszünk a 					kiskorú személy nálunk tárolt személyes
					adatainak megfelelő törléséért.
Ha úgy véli, hogy ön ilyen adatokat birtokolhat, lépjen velünk kapcsolatba 					a https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/en-us
				oldalon.
 13. Módosítások és ellenőrző 					verzió
A jelen adatvédelmi szabályzatot időről időre módosíthatjuk a 				szolgáltatásainkra vonatkozóan módosított verzió 				közzétételével. A módosított verzió a publikált 				hatálybalépési napon válik hatályossá. Előzetes 				értesítést fogunk adni a rendelkezésünkre álló 				kommunikációs eszközökön vagy a Szolgáltatásokon keresztül, ha 				lényeges változtatásokról van szó. Az ilyen felszólítási 				időt követően az összes módosítás az ön által elfogadottnak minősül.
				Ha nem veti alá magát az új vagy a módosított adatvédelmi 				szabályzatnak, akkor fel kell hagynia a Szolgálatások használatával.
Jelen Adatvédelemi irányelvet angol nyelven fogalmazták meg, amely egyben az eredeti és 				ellenőrző verzió. A jelen Adatvédelmi irányelv más nyelvre történő 				lefordítása kizárólag kényelmi célokat szolgál, és nem 				korlátozza a jelen Adatvédelmi irányelv jelentését vagy 				alkalmazását. Amennyiben eltérés tapasztalható az Adatvédelmi 				irányelv valamely lefordított változata és az angol nyelvű verzió 				között, úgy az angol nyelvű dokumentumban szereplő jelentés az irányadó.
 14. Kapcsolattartás
Ha észrevétele vagy kérdése van a jelen adatvédelmi szabályzattal 				kapcsolatban, vagy ha aggálya van az adatvédelmünket illetően, vagy ha kapcsolatba akar 				lépni a Moon Active adatvédelmi menedzserével, akkor használja ezt a linket.
 
 
A MELLÉKLET
Jelöltek adatvédelmére vonatkozó 					függelék
A Moon Active elkötelezett az ön személyes adatainak védelme és biztonsága 				iránt. A Jelöltek adatvédelmére vonatkozó függelék itt ismerteti, 				hogyan gyűjtjük és dolgozzuk fel az önre vonatkozó személyes adatait a 				hatályos adatvédelmi jogszabályokkal összhangban, mielőtt munkaviszonyt 				létesítünk önnel. Ez minden, alkalmazotti, dolgozói vagy vállalkozói 				pozícióra jelölt személyre érvényes.
A Jelöltek adatvédelmére vonatkozó függelék érvényes azokra a 				jelöltekre, akik munkavállalói vagy vállalkozói feladatkörre 				pályáznak a Moon Active-nál. A Jelöltek adatvédelmére vonatkozó 				függelék nem alkotja részét semmilyen munkaszerződésnek vagy 				szolgáltatásnyújtására vonatkozó egyéb szerződésnek. A jelen 				közleményt bármikor frissíthetjük.
Fontos, hogy ön elolvassa a Jelöltek adatvédelmére vonatkozó függeléket az 				Adatvédelmi szabályzatunkkal és bizonyos alkalmakkor önnek adott egyéb 				adatvédelmi közleményeinkkel együtt , amikor önre vonatkozó személyes 				adatokat gyűjtünk és dolgozunk fel, hogy tudja, miként és miért használjuk 				ezeket az információkat, és milyen jogai vannak önnek a vonatkozó 				adatvédelmi jogszabályok értelmében.
A. Adatvédelmi elvek:
Eleget fogunk tenni az adatvédelmi törvénynek, amely előírja, hogy az önre 				vonatkozó és nálunk meglévő személyes adatai:

Jogszerűen, tisztességesen és átláthatóan legyenek használva;
Csak az általunk önnek világosan elmagyarázott, indokolt célokra legyenek 					gyűjtve, és ne legyenek azon célokkal össze nem egyeztethető módon használva; 				
Relevánsak legyenek az általunk önnel közölt célokat illetően és csak 					azokra a célokra korlátozódjanak;
Pontosak és naprakészek legyenek;
Csak az általunk önnel közölt célokhoz szükséges ideig legyenek őrizve; 					és
Biztonságosan legyenek őrizve.

B. Az önről birtokunkban lévő információk fajtái:
A Személyes adat vagy személyes adat egy magánszemélyre vonatkozó olyan 				információt jelent, amely alapján az a személy beazonosítható. Nem 				terjednek ki azokra az adatokra, amelyeknél a személyazonosság el lett távolítva 				(anonim adatok). Vannak az érzékenyebb személyes adatoknak „speciális 				kategóriái”, amelyek magasabb szintű védelmet igényelnek, mint egy személy 				egészségére vagy szexuális orientációjára vonatkozó 				információk.
A következő kategóriájú személyes adatokat gyűjthetjük, tárolhatjuk 				és használhatjuk önről:

Személyes elérhetőségi adatok úgy, mint név, 					megszólítás, címek, telefonszámok és személyes 					e-mail-címek.
Születési dátum.
Nem
Legközelebbi hozzátartozó és vészhelyzetre vonatkozó 					elérhetőségi információ.
A foglalkoztatás helye vagy munkahely.
Toborzási információ (beleértve egy önéletrajzban, 					kísérőlevélben vagy a pályázati folyamat keretébenközölt, 					munkavégzési jogra vonatkozó dokumentumok, referenciák és egyéb 					információk másolatait).
Munkaviszonyra vonatkozó feljegyzések (beleértve a munkaköri címeket, 					korábbi munkahelyeket, munkaidőt, szabadságokat, tréningeket és szakmai 					szervezetbeli tagságot).
Kompenzációtörténet.
Teljesítményinformáció.
Információ fegyelmi és panasz ügyekről.
CCTV felvételek és elektronikus úton szerzett egyéb információk, 					például mágneskártya-adatok egy interjú során, ha vannak ilyenek.
Fényképek.
Az Egyesült Királyságban a HMRC foglalkoztatási státusz 					ellenőrzésének eredményei, az ön által nyújtott 					szolgáltatások közvetítőjéhez fűződő érdekeltségének 					és kapcsolatának részletei.

C. Hogyan gyűjtjük az ön személyes információit?  
Jelöltekről személyes adatokat a pályázati és toborzási 				eljáráson keresztül gyűjtünk közvetlenül a jelöltektől vagy néha egy 				munkaerő-közvetítő ügynökségtől. Lehetséges, hogy néha harmadik felektől, 				köztük korábbi munkaadóktól gyűjtünk kiegészítő 				információkat.
D. Hogyan fogjuk használni az önről szóló információkat:
Személyes adatait csak akkor fogjuk használni, amikor a jogszabályok azt megengedik nekünk, 				és amikor törvényes alapunk van arra. Többnyire a következő jogalapokra fogunk 				hagyatkozni az ön személyes adatainak feldolgozásához:

Ha ön beleegyezését adta ahhoz („Beleegyezés”).
Ha teljesítenünk kell az önnel kötött szerződést vagy lépéseket 					kell tennünk az önnel való szerződéskötéshez 					(„Szerződés”).
Ha jogi kötelezettségnek kell eleget tennünk („Jogi 						kötelezettség”).
Ha az szükséges a jogos érdekeinkhez (vagy harmadik fél jogos érdekeihez) 					és az ön érdekeihez, és ha alapvető jogok nem írják felül azokat az 					érdekeket („Jogos érdekek”).

Ha ön kérés ellenélre nem ad meg bizonyos információt, lehetséges, 				hogy nem tudjuk felméri az ön megfelelőségét vagy alkalmasságát egy nyitott 				pozícióra, vagy lehet, hogy az megakadályoz minket abban, hogy jogi 				kötelezettségeinknek eleget tegyünk.
Személyes adatait csak a gyűjtések céljaira fogjuk használni kivéve, ha 				észszerűen úgy gondoljuk, hogy azokat más okból kell használnunk, és az az 				ok összeegyeztethető az eredeti céllal. Ha azzal nem összefüggő célra kell 				használnunk az ön személyes adatait, akkor önt értesítjük és 				elmagyarázzuk. hogy milyen jogi alapon tehetjük azt meg.
Tájékoztatjuk, hogy a személyes adatait az ön tudta vagy beleegyezése 				nélkül is feldolgozhatjuk a fenti szabályokat betartva, ha ezt jogszabály előírja 				vagy megengedi.
Fontos, hogy az önről birtokunkban lévő személyes adatok pontosak és aktuálisak 				legyenek. Kérjük, hogy jelöltségi ideje folyamán tájékoztasson minket a 				személyes adatai változásairól.
E. Adatmegosztás:
Lehetséges, hogy az adatait harmadik felekkel, köztük külsős szolgáltatókkal 				és más szervezetekkel kell megosztanunk a Moon Active-nál.
Harmadik feleknek előírjuk, hogy tartsák tiszteletben az ön adatainak biztonságát 				és azokat a jogszabályokkal összhangban kezeljék.
Lehet, hogy személyes adatait az EU-n kívülre küldjük, és ha úgy 				teszünk, akkor biztosítani fogjuk személyes adatai megfelelő védelmét.
				További információért nézze meg az Adatvédelmi szabályzatunk 10.
				szakaszát. 

Személyes adataimat miért oszthatják meg önök harmadik 						felekkel?Személyesadatait harmadik felekkel akkor osztjuk meg, ha az jogszabály 					előírja, ha az szükséges az önnel való munkaviszony 					adminisztrálásához, és ha ahhoz egyéb jogos érdekünk fűződik.
				
Mely külsős szolgáltatók dolgozzák fel a személyes 						adataimat?„Harmadik felek” alatt külsős szolgáltatók 					(vállalkozók és kijelölt megbízottak) értendők. A következő 					szolgáltatók dolgoznak fel önre vonatkozó személyes adatokat a következő 					célokkal:
					
Comeet – toborzás


Mennyire vannak biztonságban az információim a szolgáltatóknál 						és a csoportunk más szervezeteinél?Mindegyik szolgáltatónk 					köteles megfelelő biztonsági intézkedéseket tenni az ön személyes 					adatainak védelméért a szabályzatainkkal összhangban. Nem engedjük, hogy a 					szolgáltatóink saját céljaikra használják az ön személyes 					adatait. Csak meghatározott célokra és utasításainkkal összhangban 					engedjük nekik az ön személyes adatainak feldolgozását.
Mi a helyzet más külső felekkel?Lehetséges, hogy személyes adatait meg 					kell osztanunk egy szabályozó hatósággal vagy egyébként kell eleget 					tennünk a jogszabályoknak.

F. Hozzáféréshez, helyesbítéshez, végleges törléshez és 				korlátozáshoz fűződő jog  
Ha ön az EGT vagy az UK lakosa, akkor bizonyos körülmények között megilletik az 				Adatvédelmi szabályzatunk 9. szakaszában vázolt adatalanyi jogok. Ha 				átnézni, ellenőrizni, helyesbíteni akarja a személyes adatait vagy azok végleges 				törlését kéri, vagy kifogást emel a személyes adatai feldolgozása 				ellen, vagy azt kéri, hogy egy másik félnek adjunk másolatot a személyes 				adatairól, akkor nézzen utána a jelen Adatvédelmi szabályzat 9.
				szakaszában.
G. Adatmegőrzés
Személyes adatait csak a gyűjtésük céljainak teljesítéséhez 				szükséges ideig fogjuk őrizni, beleértve a jogi, számviteli vagy 				jelentéstételi elírások kielégítését a hatályos 				törvényekkel és rendeletekkel összhangban. A személyes adatoknál a megfelelő 				őrzési idő megállapításához figyelembe vesszük a személyes adatok 				mennyiségét, jellegét és érzékenységét, a jogosulatlan 				használatukból vagy közzétételükből eredő potenciális kár 				kockázatát, azokat a célokat, amelyek végett mi feldolgozzuk az ön személyes 				adatait, hogy azokat a célokat el tudjuk-e érni más eszközökkel, valamint a 				rájuk vonatkozó jogi előírásokat. Ha már nincs szükségünk a 				jelölt adataira, akkor a vonatkozó törvényekkel és rendeletekkel összhangban 				fogjuk őrizni és biztonságosan megsemmisíteni az ön személyes adatait.
H. Kapcsolattartás
Kérdéseivel vagy aggályaival az adatvédelmi szabályzatunk 14. szakaszában 				közölt adatok segítségével léphet velünk kapcsolatba.




Moon Active – Zásady ochrany osobních údajů
Poslední změny: červen 2023
Společnost Moon Active Ltd. A její dceřiné společnosti a přidružené společnosti (souhrnně jako 				„Moon Active“, „my“, 				„naše“ nebo „nás“) vyvíjí, 				publikuje a provozuje společenské hry pro webová a mobilní prostředí 				(„Hry“) a webové a mobilní aplikace 				(„Aplikace“) za účelem hraní našich Her na více 				zařízeních a platformách (jako jsou mobilní zařízení a Facebook).
Provozujeme také webové stránky www.moonactive.com, www.melsoft-games.com, jejich subdomény a 				související funkce, stejně jako on-line obchod (souhrnně jako 				„Stránky“ a dohromady s Hrami a Aplikacemi, souhrnně jako 				„Služby“).
Společnost Moon Active respektuje vaše soukromí a zavazuje se, že naše postupy 				týkající se vašich údajů jsou transparentnější a 				spravedlivější. Tyto Zásady ochrany osobních údajů popisují, jakým 				způsobem shromažďujeme, ukládáme, používáme a sdílíme vaše 				osobní údaje, a platí vždy, když navštívíte naše Stránky, 				nainstalujete si naši Aplikaci, hrajete naše Hry, komunikujete s námi nebo jinak přistupujete 				nebo používáte některou z našich Služeb.
Důrazně vás žádáme, abyste si přečetli tyto Zásady ochrany osobních 					údajů a ujistili se, že jim plně rozumíte a souhlasíte s nimi. Pokud s těmito 					Zásadami ochrany osobních údajů nesouhlasíte, přestaňte 					prosím používat a vyhýbejte se dalšímu používání 					našich Služeb. Máte právo kdykoliv naše Služby přestat používat s ohledem na 					tyto Zásady ochrany osobních údajů.
Moon Active je „správce osobních údajů“. To znamená, že jsme odpovědní 				za rozhodování o tom, jak osobní údaje o vás uchováváme a 				používáme. V rámci některých právních předpisů o ochraně údajů jsme 				povinni vás informovat o informacích obsažených v těchto Zásadách ochrany 				osobních údajů. Ze zákona nemáte povinnost poskytnout 				nám jakékoliv Osobní údaje, ale bez nich vám nebudeme moci poskytnout 				úplný rozsah ani nejlepší zážitek z používání našich 				Služeb (například stále můžete hrát naše Hry bez propojení s vaším 				účtem na Facebooku, ale nebudete si moci užívat jeho sociální funkce).

Shromažďování údajů
Využití údajů
Skladování a uchovávání
Odstranění osobních údajů a 						uzavření účtů
Sdílení údajů
Sdělení
Zabezpečení údajů
Soubory cookie a sledovací technologie
Reklama
Práva subjektů údajů – Evropský 						hospodářský prostor, Švýcarsko a Spojené království

Přenosy údajů 
Věková způsobilost
Dodatky a řídící verze
Kontaktujte nás

1. Shromažďování údajů
Shromažďujeme čtyři základní kategorie údajů (údaje v rozsahu, který může umožnit 				identifikaci konkrétní osoby nebo je spojen s takovými potenciálně 				identifikačními údaji, budeme považovat za „Osobní údaje“):
			

Automaticky shromažďované či generované údaje:Když někdo 					navštíví, interaguje nebo používá naše Služby, včetně e-mailů nebo 					textových zpráv, které jsme zaslali přímo my nebo prostřednictvím 					našich Služeb, můžeme o něm shromažďovat nebo generovat technické údaje. Takové 					údaje shromažďujeme nebo generujeme buď samostatně, nebo pomocí služeb třetích stran a to i 					prostřednictvím používání souborů cookie a dalších sledovacích 					technologií (jak je podrobněji uvedeno níže).Takové údaje se 					skládají z připojení, technických nebo agregovaných údajů o 					užívání, jako je IP adresa, identifikátor ve hře, statistiky her, preference her, 					jedinečné reklamní ID (např. IDFA; takové ID můžete resetovat na základě pokynů k 					operačnímu systému), neidentifikující údaje týkající se 					zařízení, operačního systému, verze prohlížeče nebo Aplikace, 					mobilního operátora, nastavení prostředí a jazyka, aktivity uživatelů v 					našich Službách, aktivity v Aplikaci nebo Hře (například obsah hry / interakce s produktem 					a reklamní údaje); diagnostické údaje (tj. údaje o selhání a 					údaje o výkonu ve hře). Tyto údaje nepoužíváme k tomu, abychom se dozvěděli 					skutečnou identitu nebo kontaktní údaje dané osoby, ale hlavně proto, abychom lépe 					porozuměli tomu, jak naši uživatelé obvykle využívají a interagují s 					našimi Službami. Použití těchto technických údajů a údajů o 					zařízení také nám a našim partnerům pomáhá poskytovat 					zájmově orientované nebo jinak efektivnější reklamy a obsah, optimalizovat 					naši správu reklam a požitek našich uživatelů ze sledování a zlepšit 					celkový výkon a uživatelskou zkušenost našich Služeb. Více informací o 					reklamním použití naleznete v Oddíle níže.
Údaje přijaté od vás:Osobní údaje nám můžete 					poskytnout dobrovolně, například když si u nás založíte účet, když nás 					kontaktujete (prostřednictvím Facebooku, Messengeru, e-mailu, chatu ve hře nebo jakéhokoliv 					jiného kanálu, včetně jakýchkoliv služeb podpory), když zveřejníte příspěvek 					na naše veřejná fóra nebo skupiny, když nám poskytnete svou e-mailovou adresu 					(například když se přihlásíte k odběru novinek nebo dárků prostřednictvím 					vašeho e-mailu), když se zúčastníte soutěží, turnajů a dalších 					propagačních akcí, když vytvoříte jakýkoliv nákup v kterékoliv z 					našich Her, když komunikujete s ostatními uživateli prostřednictvím herního chatu 					nebo když se rozhodnete propojit svůj Facebook, Google, Apple nebo podobný účet s některou z 					našich Her.
Údaje přijaté od Facebooku a dalších kanálů: Jakmile 					připojíte Hry ke svému účtu Facebook, Google, Apple nebo k podobnému účtu, 					získáme přístup k vašemu veřejnému profilu (v rozsahu, v jakém jste 					jej definovali jako „veřejný“), případně k vašemu celému jménu, 					(e-mailovým adresám poskytnutým Facebooku, společnosti Google nebo Apple), k 					pohlaví, profilové fotografii nebo podobné fotografii, poloze, časovému pásmu 					a seznamu vašich přátel hrajících Hry (spolu s jejich fotografiemi a 					dalšími informacemi veřejného profilu). To nám také umožní prezentovat 					veřejné profilové obrázky vás a vašich přátel v rámci Her a 					vytvořit váš seznam přátel ve hře. Kromě toho můžeme my nebo naši reklamní 					partneři obdržet od Facebooku a našich dalších marketingových kanálů 					obecné informace týkající se výkonu našich reklamních 					kampaní, jako je cílová věková skupina nebo zájmy, a my nebo naši 					partneři budeme moci takové obecné údaje propojit s jakýmikoliv 					dalšími údaji, které máme k dispozici.Další informace o 					našich reklamních postupech naleznete níže v Oddíle 8.Pokud přistupujete k 					našim Službám prostřednictvím třetí strany, jako je Facebook, Google nebo Apple, 					nebo připojíte naše Služby k jakémukoliv účtu třetí strany, měli byste si 					také přečíst jejich podmínky a ujednání a zásady ochrany 					osobních údajů. Pokud si nejste jisti, jaké informace s námi sdílí 					aplikace třetích stran, navštivte webové stránky dané aplikace, abyste se 					dozvěděli více o jejich postupech v rámci ochrany osobních údajů.
Údaje o transakcích:Nákupy v rámci Hry budou obvykle 					zpracovány příslušným poskytovatelem platformy (např. Apple, Google nebo Facebook) a 					nebudeme sbírat nebo shromažďovat vaše finanční údaje, např. čísla 					vaší platební karty nebo bankovního účtu. Stále však můžeme 					obdržet vaše nefinanční Osobní údaje související s nákupem, 					jako je vaše jméno, fakturační adresa, e-mailová adresa a zakoupené položky, 					abychom mohli uskutečnit váš nákup a pro zajištění našich 					účetních účelů.

2. Využití údajů
áš právní základ pro shromažďování a používání 				vašich Osobních údajů bude záviset na konkrétním účelu, pro 				který jsou vaše údaje zpracovávány, obecně však používáme 				následující:

Plnění smlouvy. Tento základ použijeme ke zpracování nezbytného k 					tomu, aby byly Hry, včetně společenských her, když se rozhodnete přihlásit pomocí 					vašeho Facebook, Google nebo Apple účtu, a podpůrné služby k vaší dispozici a 					abychom vám zasílali sdělení služeb, dárky a ceny.
Souhlas. V omezených případech (kdy se rozhodnete přihlásit se k odběru e-mailů s 					přímým marketingem nebo kdy přijímáte soubory cookie na našich 					Stránkách) budeme zpracovávat vaše Osobní údaje na základě 					vašeho souhlasu. Svůj souhlas můžete kdykoliv odvolat tak, že nás kontaktujete pomocí 					údajů v Oddíle 13.
Oprávněné zájmy. Vaše Osobní údaje budeme zpracovávat 					na základě našich oprávněných zájmů při udržování a 					zlepšování našich Služeb a našich nabídek, porozumění tomu, jak 					jsou naše Služby používány, poskytování účinných reklam v 					rámci našich Her a prostřednictvím jiných kanálů, přiřazování 					uživatelů k vytváření seznamů přátel ve hře, zlepšování našich 					zákaznických služeb a fungování podpory, detekce podvodů a ochrana a 					zabezpečení našich uživatelů, nás samotných a našich Služeb.
Dodržování zákonných povinností. V omezených případech 					můžeme zpracovávat vaše Osobní údaje tak, jak je potřeba, abychom splnili 					zákonnou povinnost, např. takovou, která je stanovena platným zákonem, nebo na 					příkaz soudu nebo regulačního orgánu.

Účely, pro které Osobní údaje používáme, jsou podrobněji popsány 				níže:

Ke zprostředkování, provozu a poskytování našich Služeb;
K ověření identity našich hráčů a umožnění jejich přístupu k 					dalším funkcím;
K poskytování péče o zákazníky, pomoci a službám technické 					podpory našim uživatelům;
K umožnění komunikace s ostatními hráči ve hře;
K dalšímu rozvíjení, přizpůsobování a zlepšování 					Služeb a vaší uživatelské zkušenosti na základě společných nebo 					osobních preferencí, zkušeností a potíží, včetně personalizace 					vašeho profilu a seznamu přátel;
K efektivnější správě a doručování reklam, včetně kontextové, 					behaviorální a zájmové reklamy na základě pokroku a aktivity ve Hrách, 					na základě vašich preferencí nebo jiných údajů, které máme k 					dispozici my nebo naši Poskytovatelé služeb, a to i pro účely opětovného 					cílení;
Ke kontaktování našich uživatelů (prostřednictvím e-mailu, Facebooku, 					oznámení push nebo jakýchkoliv jiných dostupných kanálů) s 					obecnými nebo personalizovanými zprávami souvisejícími se službami (jako jsou 					potvrzení nákupu nebo upozornění na údržbu systému); ke 					kontaktování našich uživatelů s propagačními zprávami (jako jsou aktualizace 					Her, bonusy, nové funkce, VIP služby a jiné); a k usnadnění, sponzorování a 					nabídce určité události a propagační akce;
K podporování a zlepšování našich opatření k zabezpečení 					údajů, mimo jiné pro účely prevence a snižování rizik podvodů, chyb nebo 					jakékoliv nezákonné či zakázané činnosti;
K vytváření agregovaných statistických údajů, odvozených 					neosobních údajů, anonymizovaných nebo pseudonymizovaných údajů 					(vykreslených jako neosobní), které můžeme my nebo naši Poskytovatelé služeb 					použít k poskytování a zlepšování našich 					příslušných služeb; a
K dodržování všech příslušných zákonů a předpisů.

3. Skladování a 					uchovávání
I když se zákony o ochraně osobních údajů mohou v jednotlivých jurisdikcích 				lišit, společnost Moon Active přijala přiměřená opatření, aby zajistila, že s vašimi 				Osobními údaji budou její přidružené společnosti a Poskytovatelé služeb 				zacházet bezpečným a zákonným způsobem a v souladu s běžnými průmyslovými 				postupy bez ohledu na jakékoliv menší zákonné požadavky, které mohou 				platit v jejich jurisdikci.
Vaše Osobní údaje uchováváme proto, abychom udrželi náš vztah a 				poskytli vám naše Služby. Vaše osobní údaje budeme uchovávat pouze po dobu 				nezbytnou pro splnění účelů, pro které jsme je shromáždili. Jinými slovy, 				vaše Osobní údaje budeme uchovávat tak dlouho, dokud zůstanete naším 				uživatelem a nebudete nás jinak informovat. Pokud svůj účet odstraníte, přijmeme 				přiměřená opatření k odstranění vašich Osobních údajů. Vaše 				Osobní údaje můžeme také uchovávat pro právní a účetní 				účely (jak vyžadují zákony vztahující se na evidenci a vedení 				účetnictví, dále abychom měli důkazy týkající se našeho vztahu, 				pokud by po ukončení používání došlo k jakýmkoliv právním 				problémům), v souladu s našimi Zásadami o uchovávání údajů. Pokud 				máte nějaké dotazy týkající se našich Zásad o 				uchovávání údajů, kontaktujte nás na https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/en-us.
Berte prosím na vědomí, že kromě případů, kdy to vyžadují platné zákony, 				nebudeme povinni uchovávat vaše údaje po konkrétní období a můžeme je 				bezpečně vymazat z jakéhokoliv důvodu a kdykoliv, a to s předchozím oznámením nebo bez 				něj.
Za určitých okolností můžeme vaše osobní údaje anonymizovat tak, aby s vámi 				již nebyly spojeny. V takovém případě můžeme tyto informace používat bez dalšího 				upozornění a nejsou již považovány za Osobní údaje ve smyslu těchto Zásad ochrany 				osobních údajů.
4. Odstranění osobních údajů a 					uzavření účtů
Kromě jakýchkoli dalších práv uvedených v těchto Zásadách ochrany 				osobních údajů (s výjimkou případů uvedených v Dodatku k ochraně osobních 				údajů kandidáta) můžete kdykoli dát pokyn, aby společnost Moon Active odstranila vaše 				Osobní údaje tak, že přejdete na tlačítko „Odstranění účtu“ v 				příslušné Hře a budete postupovat podle pokynů.
Výběr této možnosti povede k uzavření vašeho Účtu a odstranění 				veškeré vaší herní historie, informací o nákupu, 				přihlášení na sociálních sítích a dalších 				informací, které s vámi souvisejí ohledně Hry. Odstranění je nevratné.
				Pokud budete spravovat Účty s více Hrami, měli byste požádat o uzavření každého 				Účtu.
Po obdržení vaší žádosti vám rychle vyhovíme, ale dopřejte nám 				prosím určitou dobu na zpracování. Vyhrazujeme si také právo uchovat kopii 				všech Osobních údajů, které jsou podle platných zákonů vyžadovány k 				uchování.
5. Sdílení údajů
Vaše údaje můžeme sdílet s určitými třetími stranami, včetně donucovacích 				orgánů, našich Poskytovatelů služeb a našich přidružených společností. Okolnosti, 				za kterých údaje sdílíme, jsou shrnuty níže:

Soulad se zákony, právními předpisy a úřady: Můžeme 					zveřejnit nebo povolit úředníkům a orgánům činným v trestním 					řízení přístup k určitým Osobním údajům v reakci na 					předvolání, příkaz k prohlídce nebo soudní příkaz (nebo podobný 					požadavek) nebo v souladu s platnými zákony a předpisy, a to i pro účely 					národní bezpečnosti. K takovému zveřejnění nebo přístupu může dojít s 					předchozím oznámením nebo bez něj, pokud jsme v dobré víře přesvědčeni, že 					jsme k tomu právně nuceni, nebo že je zveřejnění vhodné v souvislosti se snahou 					vyšetřovat, předcházet nebo podniknout kroky týkající se skutečné 					nezákonné aktivity, podvodu nebo jiného protiprávního jednání 					nebo podezření z takových aktivit.
Poskytovatelé služeb: Můžeme zapojit vybrané společnosti 					třetích stran, dodavatele a jednotlivce, aby poskytovali služby doplňkové k našim 					vlastním (např. hostingové služby, služby analýzy dat, marketingové agentury a 					reklamní služby a nástroje, služby v oblasti datové a kybernetické bezpečnosti, 					služby detekce a prevence podvodů, služby zpracování plateb, partneři zákaznické 					podpory, externí moderátoři a testeři, služby zapojení uživatelů, služby distribuce a 					monitorování e-mailů, služby nahrávání relací a naši 					obchodní, právní, finanční poradci a poradci o dodržování 					zásad) (souhrnně „Poskytovatelé služeb“). Tito Poskytovatelé 					služeb mohou mít přístup k vašim Osobním údajům v závislosti na 					každé z jejich konkrétních rolí a účelů při usnadňování a 					doplňování našich Služeb a mohou zpracovávat vaše Osobní údaje 					pouze pro účely, pro které jsme jim to nařídili. Můžeme také sdílet 					anonymní, statistické nebo agregované informace s našimi Poskytovateli služeb pro 					legitimní obchodní účely.
Integrace třetích stran: Tyto Služby vám 					umožňují integraci s určitými službami třetích stran, například za účelem 					připojení vašeho účtu Facebook, Google nebo Apple k určité Hře, 					Přihlášení pomocí účtu Google, Facebook nebo Apple nebo 					provádění nákupů, v takovém případě budete vázáni 					podmínkami a ujednáními a zásadami o ochraně osobních údajů 					uvedených třetích stran (např. společnosti Apple, Google nebo Facebook) – proto si je 					prosím předem projděte a přijměte je. Vaše hesla pro žádnou z těchto služeb třetích 					stran nepřijímáme ani neukládáme.
Ochrana práva a zabezpečení: Vaše Osobní údaje 					můžeme sdílet s ostatními, s předchozím oznámením nebo bez něj, pokud v 					dobré víře věříme, že to pomůže chránit práva, majetek nebo osobní 					bezpečnost společnosti Moon Active, kteréhokoliv z našich uživatelů nebo členů 					široké veřejnosti.
Dceřiné a přidružené společnosti Moon Active: Osobní 					údaje můžeme interně sdílet v rámci naší skupiny společností pro 					účely popsané v těchto Zásadách ochrany osobních údajů. Kromě toho, 					pokud společnost Moon Active nebo některá z jejích přidružených společností 					podstoupí jakoukoliv změnu v řízení, včetně fúze, akvizic nebo nákupem v 					podstatě veškerého svého majetku, mohou být vaše Osobní údaje 					sdíleny se stranami, které jsou do takové události zapojené. Pokud se 					domníváme, že taková změna v ovládání může podstatně ovlivnit 					vaše Osobní údaje, které jsou u nás uložené, upozorníme 					vás na tuto událost a zašleme vám vaše možnosti prostřednictvím 					e-mailu a/nebo důrazného oznámení na našich Službách.

Pro odstranění pochybností může společnost Moon Active sdílet vaše Osobní 				údaje dalšími způsoby, a to podle vašeho výslovného souhlasu, pokud jsme k 				tomu ze zákona povinni nebo pokud jsme taková data úspěšně předložili jako 				neosobní a anonymní. Můžeme přenášet, sdílet nebo jinak používat 				neosobní údaje podle našeho výhradního uvážení a bez potřeby 				dalšího schválení.
 6. Sdělení

Sdělení v rámci Služeb: Můžeme vás kontaktovat s 					důležitými informacemi týkajícími se našich Služeb. Můžeme vás 					například upozornit (jakýmkoliv způsobem, který máme k dispozici) na změny nebo 					aktualizace našich Služeb, problémy s fakturací a další. Z 					přijímání takových sdělení v rámci Služeb se nebudete moci 					odhlásit.
Propagační sdělení: Pokud jste se u nás přihlásili k 					odběru takových sdělení, můžeme vás také informovat o nových službách, 					událostech a zvláštních příležitostech nebo o jakýchkoliv 					dalších informacích, které považujeme za cenné. Taková sdělení 					můžeme poskytovat prostřednictvím jakýchkoliv kontaktních prostředků, které 					máme k dispozici (např. telefon, mobil nebo e-mail) prostřednictvím Služeb nebo našich 					marketingových kampaní nebo jiných stránek či platforem.

Máte právo kdykoliv svůj souhlas s přijímáním takových propagačních 				sdělení odvolat. Můžete tak učinit tak, že nás kontaktujete prostřednictvím https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/en-us nebo dle 				pokynů pro „odhlášení“, „zastavení“ nebo „změnu 				preferencí e-mailu“ v propagačních sděleních, která obdržíte.
7. Zabezpečení údajů
Abychom chránili vaše Osobní údaje uchovávané u nás a našich 				Poskytovatelů služeb, používáme odpovídající fyzická, 				procedurální a elektronická bezpečnostní opatření, včetně 				šifrování, tam, kde je to považováno za vhodné. Mějte však na paměti, že 				bez ohledu na jakákoliv použitá bezpečnostní opatření nemůžeme zaručit a nezaručujeme 				absolutní ochranu a zabezpečení jakýchkoliv Osobních údajů uložených u 				nás nebo u jakýchkoliv třetích stran. Pokud zjistíte jakékoli problémy se 				zabezpečením nebo chybou zabezpečení související se Službami, měli byste odeslat e-mail 				na adresu: info@moonactive.com.
8. Soubory cookie a sledovací technologie
Naše Služby a někteří naši Poskytovatelé služeb využívají soubory cookie, 				anonymní identifikátory a další sledovací technologie (souhrnně 				„Sledovací technologie“), které nám pomáhají 				poskytovat a zlepšovat naše Služby, přizpůsobovat vaše zkušenosti a sledovat 				výkonnost našich aktivit a kampaní, jakož i celkové užívání 				našich Aplikací, Her a Služeb. Pokud se chcete dozvědět více, navštivte 				naše Zásady 					používání souborů cookie.
9. Reklama
Naše Hry zahrnují reklamy na služby a produkty třetích stran. My a naši reklamní 				partneři používáme vaše určité údaje, abychom zlepšili naše 				reklamní postupy a zajistili, aby reklamy, které zobrazujeme, byly účinnější, 				relevantnější a příjemnější, a to včetně nasazení zájmově 				orientované reklamy, jakož i systémů cílení, měření a přiřazování 				reklam.
Takové údaje zahrnují reklamní identifikátory vašeho zařízení 				(např. IDFA nebo Reklamní ID), v dostupném rozsahu), údaje související s 				vaším připojeným účtem Facebook, Google nebo Apple (pokud existují, např.
				vaše pohlaví, region nebo země), obsah hry, ID ve hře, údaje o interakci produktu a 				další demografické a zájmové informace, které jsme my nebo naši 				reklamní partneři mohli obdržet od vás nebo o vás, na základě vašeho souhlasu 				nebo jiného právního základu (tj. jak je požadováno za účelem 				poskytnutí našich příslušných služeb nebo na základě 				oprávněných zájmů, které jsme popsali výše).
Reklamy, které my nebo naši reklamní partneři dodáváme, se mohou zobrazovat v 				rámci našich Her, našich Služeb nebo prostřednictvím jiných kanálů, jako 				jsou webové stránky a aplikace třetích stran.
Tyto Zásady ochrany osobních údajů se nevztahují na postupy společností, 				které nevlastníme ani nekontrolujeme, ani zaměstnanců či Poskytovatelů služeb, které 				neřídíme. Na veškeré informace, které poskytnete webům, aplikacím nebo 				službám inzerovaným prostřednictvím našich Služeb, se budou vztahovat jejich 				příslušné zásady ochrany osobních údajů, které jsou v jejich 				rámci uvedeny. Ujistěte se, že si přečtete zásady ochrany osobních údajů všech 				aplikací, služeb a webů třetích stran, které navštívíte nebo kterým 				poskytnete povolení k přístupu k vašim informacím. Je odpovědností těchto 				třetích stran chránit jakékoliv informace, které jim poskytnete, takže neneseme 				odpovědnost za jejich použití vašich osobních identifikačních údajů. Pokud se 				chcete dozvědět více, navštivte naše Zásady používání souborů 				cookie.

Jak upravit své preference týkající se zájmově orientované 							reklamyPokud chcete zabránit používání reklamního 					ID nebo jiných identifikátorů vašeho zařízení pro zájmově orientovanou 					reklamu, můžete změnit nastavení svého zařízení a resetovat takové 					reklamní ID nebo se z takové reklamy odhlásit (obvykle je tato možnost k dispozici v 					části „Ochrana osobních údajů“ nebo „Reklamy“ v nastavení 					vašeho zařízení). Pokud žijete v USA, Kanadě nebo Evropě, můžete se také 					odhlásit ze shromažďování vašich údajů našimi reklamními 					partnery, kteří jsou součástí „Digital Advertising Alliance“ (Aliance pro 					digitální reklamu), na stránce www.aboutads.info/choices (uživatelé z 					USA), www.youradchoices.ca/choices (uživatelé z Kanady), www.youronlinechoices.eu (uživatelé z 					Evropy).Berte prosím na vědomí, že pokud resetujete své reklamní ID nebo se 					odhlásíte ze zájmově orientované reklamy, mohou se vám reklamy v 					našich Hrách nebo na jiných kanálech stále zobrazovat, ale tyto reklamy 					nebudou cíleny na základě výše uvedených identifikátorů.
					Například mohou být takové reklamy místo toho založeny na kontextu, jako je 					váš pokrok a akce ve Hrách, nebo vašich jazyková preferencích.
					Upozorňujeme, že takové akce mohou mít za následek méně příjemné 					uživatelské prostředí.
Agregované a analytické informacePoužíváme 					standardní analytické nástroje Google Analytics a čas od času můžeme použít 					jiné analytické nástroje. Pokud se chcete dozvědět více, navštivte 					naše Zásady používání souborů cookie.
Produkty společnosti GoogleGoogle používá technologie, jako jsou 					soubory cookie, aby sledoval a analyzoval používání naší Stránky 					a/nebo SDK k zobrazování reklam v rámci našich Her. Pro více informací 					o zpracování údajů společností Google doporučujeme projít zásady 					společnosti Google, které jsou k dispozici na adrese:
					https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites. Více informací naleznete ve webovém 					nástroji pro odhlášení ze služby Google Analytics, který je k dispozici na 					adrese: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. Další informace o údajích, 					které Google SDK zpracovává a ukládá, najdete na adrese:
					https://support.google.com/admob/answer/7665968.

10. Práva subjektů údajů
					– Evropský hospodářský prostor, Švýcarsko a Spojené 					království
Pokud jste rezidentem Evropského hospodářského prostoru (EHP), Švýcarska nebo 				Spojeného království (UK), o kterém zpracováváme Osobní 				údaje, máte právo:

Vyžádat si přístup k vašim Osobním údajům (běžně 					označovaný jako „žádost o přístup k údajům subjektu“). To vám 					umožní získat kopii Osobních údajů, které o vás 					uchováváme, a zkontrolovat, zda je zpracováváme v souladu se zákonem.
Požádat o opravu Osobních údajů, které o vás 					uchováváme. To vám umožní opravit jakékoli neúplné nebo 					nepřesné informace, které o vás uchováváme.
Požádat o vymazání vašich Osobních údajů. To 					vám umožní požádat nás o smazání nebo odstranění 					Osobních údajů tam, kde neexistuje žádný dobrý důvod, proč bychom je 					nadále zpracovávali. Máte také právo požádat nás o 					smazání nebo odstranění vašich Osobních údajů, kde jste uplatnili 					své právo vznést námitku proti zpracování (viz níže).
Vznést námitku proti zpracování vašich Osobních 					údajů, pokud spoléháme na oprávněný zájem (nebo zájmy 					třetí strany), a existuje podnět ve vaší konkrétní situaci, který 					vás nutí vznést námitku proti zpracování na tomto základě.
					Máte také právo vznést námitku proti tomu, kde zpracováváme 					vaše Osobní údaje pro účely přímého marketingu.
Požádat o omezení
zpracování vašich Osobních údajů. To vám umožňuje 					požádat nás o pozastavení zpracování vašich Osobních 					údajů, například pokud chcete, abychom si sami stanovili jejich přesnost nebo důvod jejich 					zpracování.
Požádat o předání vašich Osobních údajů jiné 					straně.
Obvykle se nevyžaduje žádný poplatek.Nebudete muset platit poplatek za 					přístup k vašim Osobním údajům (nebo za uplatnění jakýchkoli 					jiných práv). Můžeme však účtovat přiměřený poplatek, pokud je vaše 					žádost o přístup zjevně neopodstatněná nebo nepřiměřená. Případně můžeme za 					takových okolností odmítnout vyhovět žádosti.
Co od vás můžeme potřebovat.Možná od vás budeme požadovat 					konkrétní informace, které nám pomohou potvrdit vaši totožnost a zajistit 					vaše právo na přístup k informacím (nebo uplatnit jakákoli z vašich 					dalších práv). Jedná se o další přiměřené bezpečnostní 					opatření, které zajistí, že Osobní údaje nebudou sděleny žádné 					osobě, která nemá právo je přijmout.
Právo odvolat souhlas.V omezených případech, kdy jste mohli 					poskytnout svůj souhlas se shromažďováním, zpracováním a 					předáváním vašich Osobních údajů za určitým účelem, 					máte právo kdykoli odvolat svůj souhlas s tímto konkrétním 					zpracováním. Chcete-li svůj souhlas odvolat, kontaktujte prosím info@moonactive.com. Jakmile obdržíme oznámení, 					že jste svůj souhlas stáhli, nebudeme vaše údaje dále zpracovávat za 					účelem nebo účely, se kterými jste původně souhlasili, pokud nemáme jiný 					legitimní základ pro to, abychom tak učinili v rámci právních předpisů.

Pokud si přejete uplatnit svá práva podle příslušných zákonů (např.
				obecného nařízení o ochraně osobních údajů (GDPR) nebo 				obecného nařízení o ochraně osobních údajů Spojeného 				království), kontaktujte nás zde.
Pokud máte trvalý pobyt v EHP nebo ve Spojeném království, můžete také 				kontaktovat našeho zástupce pro EHP nebo Spojené království na adrese dpr@moonactive.com.
Pokud si přejete spravovat informace, které o vás dostáváme z aplikace nebo platformy 				třetí strany, kde hrajete naše Hry, jako je Facebook, Apple nebo Google, postupujte podle pokynů 				aplikace třetí strany k aktualizaci vašich údajů a změně nastavení ochrany 				osobních údajů.
Máte právo podat stížnost u dozorčího úřadu pro ochranu údajů. Pokud jste 				rezident EHP, podrobnosti o svém státním orgánu dohledu najdete prostřednictvím 				tohoto odkazu https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en.
				Rezidenti Spojeného království mohou kontaktovat Úřad komisaře pro informace 				(Information Commissioner’s Office) pomocí tohoto odkazu https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/.
11. Přenosy údajů
Vaše Osobní údaje mohou být uchovávány, zpracovávány, 				zpřístupněny a uloženy společností Moon Active a našimi autorizovanými 				přidruženými společnostmi a Poskytovateli služeb ve Spojených státech a dalších 				jurisdikcích, jak je to nezbytné pro řádné poskytování našich 				Služeb, nebo jak může být vyžadováno zákonem. Společnost Moon Active sídlí v 				jurisdikci, která podle orgánů Spojeného království, Švýcarska a 				Evropské komise poskytuje vhodnou úroveň ochrany Osobních údajů rezidentů EHP a 				Spojeného království.
Osobní údaje, které o vás shromažďujeme mimo EHP, Švýcarsko nebo 				Spojené království, můžeme přenášet za účelem plnění 				naší smlouvy s vámi. V zájmu zajištění toho, aby vaše Osobní 				údaje obdržely přiměřenou úroveň ochrany, jsme zavedli následující 				opatření, abychom zajistili, že tyto třetí strany zachází s vašimi 				Osobními údaji způsobem, který je v souladu s právními předpisy EU a UK o ochraně 				údajů a řídí se jimi: Standardní smluvní doložky a země, které jsou 				předmětem určení přiměřenosti EU. Pokud potřebujete další informace o ochranných 				opatřeních, můžete nás kontaktovat pomocí údajů uvedených v Oddílu 13.
12. Věková způsobilost
Následující Hry jsou dostupné jednotlivcům, kteří dovršili 					šestnácti (16) a více let: „My Café: Recipes and stories“, 				„Toy Defense“, „Toy Defense 2“, „Toy Defense: Fantasy“, „Fish 				Now.io“, „Kitchen Stars“, „Family Island“, „My Pizza Restaurant“, „Zen Match“, „Travel Town“.
Veškeré další Hry jsou přístupné pouze jednotlivcům, kteří 					jsou starší osmnácti (18) let nebo ve vaší jurisdikci dovršili 					právní plnoletosti.
Vyhrazujeme si právo v jakékoliv fázi žádat potvrzení o 					věku nebo svolení zákonných zástupců. V případě 					podezření na nesplnění požadované věkové hranice můžeme Uživatele 					zablokovat. Vědomě neshromažďujeme žádné Osobní údaje o nezletilých a ani si 					to nepřejeme. Pokud se dozvíme, že nezletilý používá Služby nebo hraje některou z 					našich Her, můžeme takové použití zakázat a zablokovat a vynaložíme 					veškeré úsilí, abychom v souvislosti s takovým nezletilým neprodleně 					odstranili veškeré Osobní údaje, které jsou u nás uloženy.

Pokud se domníváte, že můžeme taková data vlastnit, kontaktujte nás na https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/en-us.
13. Dodatky a 				řídící verze
Tyto Zásady ochrany osobních údajů můžeme čas od času měnit zveřejněním pozměněné 				verze na našich Službách. Pozměněná verze bude účinná od data zveřejnění.
				V případě jakýchkoliv podstatných změn poskytneme předběžné oznámení, a to 				prostřednictvím komunikačních prostředků, které máme k dispozici, nebo v rámci 				Služeb. Po této oznamovací lhůtě budou všechny změny považovány za vámi 				přijaté. Pokud nesouhlasíte s tím, že budete vázáni podmínkami 				nových nebo pozměněných Zásad ochrany osobních údajů, jste povinni naše 				Služby přestat používat.
Tyto Zásady ochrany osobních údajů byly vypracovány v angličtině, což je původní a 				řídící verze těchto Zásad ochrany osobních údajů. Veškeré 				překlady těchto Zásad ochrany osobních údajů do jiných jazyků slouží pouze pro 				pohodlí a neovlivňují význam ani použití těchto Zásad ochrany osobních 				údajů. V případě jakéhokoliv rozporu mezi významy jakýchkoliv přeložených 				verzí těchto Zásad ochrany osobních údajů a anglickou jazykovou verzí má 				přednost význam anglické jazykové verze.
14. Kontaktujte nás
Máte-li jakékoli komentáře nebo dotazy týkající se těchto Zásad 				ochrany osobních údajů nebo máte-li jakékoli obavy týkající se 				vašich Osobních údajů, nebo se chcete obrátit na správce ochrany údajů 				společnosti Moon Active, použijte tento
				odkaz.
Pokud sídlíte v EU nebo ve Velké Británii, můžete se také obrátit na 				našeho zástupce EU nebo Spojeného království na adrese dpr@moonactive.com.
			
PŘÍLOHA A
Dodatek k ochraně osobních údajů kandidáta
Společnost Moon Active se zavázala chránit soukromí a bezpečnost vašich Osobních 				údajů. Tento Dodatek k ochraně osobních údajů kandidáta popisuje, jak shromažďujeme a 				používáme Osobní údaje o vás před navázáním 				pracovního vztahu s námi v souladu s platnými právními předpisy o ochraně 				osobních údajů. Vztahuje se na všechny kandidáty na pracovní pozice zaměstnanců, 				pracovníků nebo dodavatelů.
Tento Dodatek k ochraně osobních údajů kandidáta se vztahuje na uchazeče o 				zaměstnání, a na pracovní pozice smluvního partnera se společností Moon Active.
				Tento Dodatek ochrany osobních údajů kandidáta není součástí 				žádné pracovní smlouvy ani jiné smlouvy o poskytování služeb. Toto 				upozornění můžeme kdykoli aktualizovat.
Je důležité, abyste si tento Dodatek k ochraně osobních údajů kandidáta přečetli společně 				s našimi Zásadami ochrany osobních údajů a jakýmkoli jiným 				oznámením o ochraně osobních údajů, které vám můžeme poskytnout při 				konkrétních příležitostech, kdy shromažďujeme nebo zpracováváme Osobní 				údaje o vás, abyste si byli vědomi toho, jak a proč tyto informace používáme a 				jaká jsou vaše práva podle platných právních předpisů o ochraně 				údajů.
A: Zásady ochrany údajů:
Dodržíme zákon o ochraně údajů, který vyžaduje, aby Osobní údaje, 				které o vás uchováváme, byly:

Používány zákonně, spravedlivě a transparentně;
Shromažďovány pouze pro platné účely, které jsme vám jasně vysvětlili, a 					nebyly použity žádným způsobem, který je s těmito účely neslučitelný;
Relevantní pro účely, o kterých jsme vám řekli, a omezené pouze na tyto 					účely;
Přesné a aktualizované;
Uchovávány pouze tak dlouho, jak je to nezbytné pro účely, o kterých jsme 					vám řekli; a
Bezpečně uložené.

B: Druh informací, které o vás uchováváme:
Osobními údaji se rozumí jakékoli informace o osobě, podle kterých lze tuto osobu 				identifikovat. Nezahrnují údaje, kde byla identita odstraněna (anonymní data). Existují 				„zvláštní kategorie“ citlivějších osobních údajů, 				které vyžadují vyšší úroveň ochrany, jako jsou informace o zdraví 				nebo sexuální orientaci osoby.
Můžeme shromažďovat, ukládat a používat následující kategorie Osobních 				údajů o vás:

Osobní kontaktní údaje, jako je jméno, titul, adresy, telefonní čísla 					a osobní e-mailové adresy.
Datum narození.
Pohlaví.
Informace o nejbližších příbuzných a kontaktních údaje pro 					případ nouze.
Poloha zaměstnání nebo pracoviště.
Informace o náboru (včetně kopií pracovní dokumentace, doporučení a 					dalších informací obsažených v životopise nebo průvodním dopise nebo v 					rámci procesu ucházení se o práci).
Záznamy o zaměstnání (včetně pracovních titulů, historie práce, 					pracovní doby, dovolené, záznamů o školení a profesních 					členstvích).
Historie kompenzace.
Informace o výkonu.
Disciplinární informace a stížnosti.
Záznam CCTV a další informace získané elektronickými prostředky, jako 					jsou například záznamy přiložení karty během pohovoru, je-li to relevantní.

Ve Velké Británii, výsledky kontroly stavu zaměstnanců HMRC (daňová a celní 					správa), údaje o vašem zájmu a spojení se zprostředkovatelem, 					prostřednictvím kterého jsou vaše služby poskytovány.

C: Jak jsou vaše osobní údaje shromažďovány?
Osobní údaje o kandidátech shromažďujeme prostřednictvím procesu ucházení 				se o práci a náboru, a to buď přímo od kandidátů, nebo někdy od agentury práce.
				Někdy můžeme shromažďovat další informace od třetích stran, včetně bývalých 				zaměstnavatelů.
D: Jak budeme informace o vás používat:
Vaše Osobní údaje použijeme pouze tehdy, pokud nám to zákon umožňuje, a pokud k 				tomu máme právní důvod. Nejčastěji budeme při zpracování vašich 				osobních údajů spoléhat na následující zákonné důvody:

Pokud k tomu máme váš souhlas („Souhlas“).
Pokud potřebujeme plnit smlouvu, kterou jsme s vámi uzavřeli, nebo podniknout kroky k uzavření 					smlouvy s vámi („Smlouva“).
Pokud potřebujeme splnit právní povinnost („Právní 						povinnost“).
Pokud je to nezbytné pro naše oprávněné zájmy (nebo zájmy třetí 					strany) a vaše zájmy a základní práva nepřeváží tyto 					zájmy („Oprávněné zájmy“).

Pokud na požádání neposkytnete určité informace, nemusí být možné 				posoudit vaši způsobilost nebo vhodnost pro otevřenou pozici nebo nám může být zabráněno 				v plnění našich zákonných povinností.
Vaše Osobní údaje budeme používat pouze pro účely, pro které jsme je 				shromáždili, pokud se nedomníváme, že je potřebujeme použít z jiného důvodu a že 				je tento důvod kompatibilní s původním účelem. Pokud potřebujeme vaše Osobní 				údaje používat pro nesouvisející účely, budeme vás informovat a 				vysvětlíme vám právní základ, který nám to umožňuje.
Upozorňujeme, že vaše Osobní údaje můžeme zpracovávat bez vašeho vědomí 				nebo souhlasu v souladu s výše uvedenými pravidly, pokud to vyžaduje nebo povoluje 				zákon.
Je důležité, aby Osobní údaje, které o vás uchováváme, byly 				přesné a aktuální. Informujte nás prosím o změnách vašich 				Osobních údajů během vaší kandidatury.
E: Sdílení údajů:
Možná budeme muset sdílet vaše údaje s třetími stranami, včetně Poskytovatelů 				služeb třetích stran a dalších subjektů ve společnosti Moon Active.
Požadujeme, aby třetí strany respektovaly bezpečnost vašich údajů a zacházely s nimi v 				souladu se zákonem. Vaše osobní údaje můžeme přenášet mimo EU, a pokud tak 				učiníme, zajistíme, aby byly vaše Osobní údaje náležitě chráněny.
				Další informace naleznete v Oddíle 10 našich Zásad ochrany osobních 				údajů.

 Proč byste mohli sdílet moje Osobní údaje s třetími 						stranami?Vaše Osobní údaje budeme sdílet se třetími stranami, 					pokud to vyžaduje zákon, pokud je to nutné ke správě pracovního vztahu s vámi 					nebo pokud na tom máme jiný oprávněný zájem.
 Kteří Poskytovatelé služeb třetích stran zpracovávají moje Osobní 						údaje?„Třetí strany“ zahrnují Poskytovatele služeb třetí 					strany (včetně dodavatelů a určených zástupců).Následující 					Poskytovatelé služeb zpracovávají vaše osobní údaje pro 					následující účely:
					
Comeet – nábor


Jak bezpečné jsou mé informace u Poskytovatelů služeb a 						dalších     subjektů v naší 						skupině?Všichni naši Poskytovatelé služeb jsou povinni přijmout 					vhodná bezpečnostní opatření na ochranu vašich Osobních údajů v 					souladu s našimi zásadami. Neumožňujeme našim Poskytovatelům služeb používat 					vaše osobní údaje pro své vlastní účely. Dovolujeme jim 					zpracovávat vaše osobní údaje pouze pro konkrétní účely a v 					souladu s našimi pokyny.
A co další třetí strany?Vaše Osobní údaje můžeme 					sdílet s regulačním orgánem nebo abychom jinak dodržovali zákony.

F: Práva na přístup, opravu, vymazání a omezení

Pokud jste rezidentem EHP nebo Spojeného království, máte za určitých 				okolností nárok na práva subjektu údajů uvedená v Oddílu 9 našich 				Zásad ochrany osobních údajů. Chcete-li zkontrolovat, ověřit, opravit nebo požádat o 				vymazání vašich Osobních údajů, vznést námitku proti 				zpracování vašich osobních údajů nebo požádat o předání 				kopie vašich Osobních údajů jiné straně, postupujte podle Oddílu 9 těchto 				Zásad ochrany osobních údajů.
G: Uchovávání údajů
Vaše Osobní údaje uchováváme pouze po dobu nezbytnou pro splnění 				účelů, za kterými jsme je shromáždili, a to i pro účely splnění všech 				právních, účetních nebo ohlašovacích požadavků v souladu s platnými 				zákony a předpisy. Pro určení vhodné doby uchovávání osobních 				údajů bereme v úvahu množství, povahu a citlivost osobních údajů, 				potenciální riziko poškození neoprávněným použitím nebo 				zveřejněním vašich osobních údajů, účely, pro které 				zpracováváme vaše osobní údaje, zda těchto účelů můžeme dosáhnout 				jinými prostředky a příslušné právní požadavky. Jakmile již nepotřebujeme 				údaje o kandidátech, vaše Osobní údaje uchováme a bezpečně zlikvidujeme v 				souladu s platnými zákony a předpisy.
H: Kontaktujte nás
Ohledně případných dotazů nebo pochybností nás můžete kontaktovat prostřednictvím 				údajů uvedených v Oddílu 14 našich Zásad ochrany osobních údajů.
			




Moon Active – 《隐私政策》
最後修訂日期：2023 年 6 月
Moon Active Ltd.（及其子公司和分支机构，以下简称“Moon 					Active”、“我们”、“我们的”或“我方”）开发、发行与运营针对网络和移动环境（“游戏”）的社交游戏，以及网络与移动应用程序（每件，称作一个“App”），以便在多个设备与平台（例如：移动设备与Facebook）上玩我们的“游戏”。 			
我们还运营www.moonactive.com、www.melsoft-games.com网站、其子域及相关功能和网上商店（以下简称“站点”），以及与游戏和应用程序一起运作的“服务”）。 			
Moon 				Active尊重您的隐私，并致力于使我们更加透明而公平地处理有关您的数据。本《隐私政策》描述我们如何收集、存储、使用及共享您的“个人数据”，并且在您访问我们的网站、安装我们的应用程序与玩我们的“游戏”、与我们互动或以其他方式访问、或使用我们的任何“服务”时均适用。 			
我们强烈建议您阅读本《隐私政策》，并且确保您完全理解与同意该内容。如果您不同意本《隐私政策》，敬请停止使用并避免使用我们的“服务”。您有权根据本《隐私政策》随时停止使用我们的“服务”。

Moon Active 				是一个“数据控制者”。这意味着，我们有责任决定我们如何持有和使用您的个人数据。根据某些数据保护法规，我们需要将本隐私政策中包含的信息告知于您。根据法律，您没有义务向我们提供任何“个人数据”，但是，如果没有这些数据，我们将无法为您提供使用我们“服务”的完整范围或最佳体验（例如，您可能在未连接您的游戏机的情况下、用Facebook账号来玩我们的“游戏”，而您将无法享受其社交功能）。 			

数据收集
数据用途
储存与保留
个人数据删除和账户关闭
数据共享
通讯联系
数据安全
Cookie 和追踪技术
广告用途
数据主体权利——欧洲经济区、瑞士和英国
数据传输
年龄资格
修订和控制版本
联系我们

1. 数据收集
我们收集数据的四个主要类别（并且在一定程度上可以识别为一个特定的个人，或者与此类潜在的识别数据相关联者，我们将其视为“个人数据”）如下：

自动收集或自动生成的数据：当某人访问、与我们的服务互动，或使用我们的“服务”（包括我们或通过我们的服务发送给他们的任何电子邮件或文本通知）时，我们可能会自动收集或生成有关他们的技术数据。我们独立地、或在第三方服务的帮助下收集或生成此类数据，包括通过使用“cookies”以及其他追踪技术（如下文所述）。此类数据包括了连接性、技术性、或汇总使用情况的数据，例如：IP地址、游戏内标识符、游戏统计、游戏偏好、唯一的广告ID（例如IDFA；您可以根据操作系统说明重置该ID）、有关设备、操作系统、浏览器或App的非识别数据版本、移动运营商、区域设置与语言设置、我们“服务”上的用户活动，以及应用内或游戏活动（如游戏内容/产品交互和广告数据）；诊断数据（即碰撞数据和游戏性能数据）等等。我们不会使用此类数据来了解个人的真实身份或联系方式，而主要是为了更好地了解我们的用户在平常如何使用与参与我们的“服务”。此类技术与设备数据的使用还有助于我们与我们的合作伙伴提供以兴趣为基础的广告、或其他更有效的广告与内容，以优化我们的广告管理及用户的观看体验，并改善整体效果以及您对我们“服务”所提供的用户体验。更多有关我们的广告用途，请参见下面第8节条款。 				
从您那里收到的数据：您可以自愿提供我们的您的“个人数据”，例如：当您在我们这里创建账户时、当您与我们联系（通过Facebook、Messenger、电子邮件、游戏内聊天或任何其他渠道，包括任何支持服务）时、在我们的公共论坛或论坛上发帖时、向我们提供您的电子邮件地址时（例如，当您注册接收电子邮件更新或礼物时）、参加比赛、竞赛、锦标赛和其他促销活动时、在我们的任何“游戏”中进行任何购买，以及，通过游戏内聊天与其他用户互动、或选择将您的Facebook、Google、Apple或类似账户连接到我们的任何“游戏”时。 				
从Facebook及其他渠道获得的数据：一旦将“游戏”连接到Facebook、Google、Apple或类似账户后，我们将可访问您的公共数据，包括（在您定义为“公开”的范围内）您的全名、（提供给Facebook、Google或Appple的电子邮件地址）、性别、个人资料照片或类似照片、位置、时区，以及与您玩“游戏”的朋友列表（及其照片和其他公开个人信息）。这也将使我们能够在“游戏”中展示您与您朋友的公开个人资料照片、并创建您的游戏内好友列表。此外，我公司或我们的广告合作伙伴可能会从Facebook及其他营销渠道收到有关广告活动效果的常规信息，例如：营销目标年龄段或兴趣爱好，而我公司或我们的合作伙伴可能会将这些常规数据链接到我们所拥有的任何其他数据内（若要了解有关我们广告作业的更多信息，请参阅以下第8节内容）。如果您通过Facebook、Google或Apple等第三方接驳我们的“服务”、或将我们的“服务”连接到任何第三方账户，则还应阅读第三方所订之条款和条件以及隐私政策。如果您不清楚第三方应用程序正在与我们共享哪些信息的话，请访第三方应用程序的网站，以了解有关其隐私惯例的更多详情。 				
交易数据：游戏内购买通常将由相关平台提供商（例如Apple、Google或Facebook）处理，我们不会收集或存储您的财务数据，例如：您的信用卡号或银行账号。我们可能仍会收到您与购买有关的、非财务“个人数据”，例如：您的姓名、账单邮件地址、电邮，以及所购买的物品，只为了完成您的购买并出于我们的会计目的而需的数据。 				

2. 数据用途
我们收集与使用您的“个人数据”的法律依据、将取决于处理您的数据的特定目的。而我们通常使用以下内容：

“合同的履行”：我们将使用如是基础进行制作“游戏”所需的处理，包括您选择使用Facebook、Google或Apple登录时的社交游戏，以及支持您使用的服务与向您发送服务通信、礼品或奖品的社交游戏。 				
“知情同意”：在少数情况下（您选择透过注册我们的服务同意接收直接促销电邮，并且您接受我们网站上的cookie），我们将在您的同意之下处理您的“个人数据”。您可随时通过使用第14节中提供的详细数据与我们联系，以撤回您的同意。 				
“合法利益”：我们将基于合法利益来处理您的“个人数据”，以维护与改善我们的“服务”及产品、了解我们的“服务”的使用方式、在我们的“游戏”中（以及通过其他渠道）匹配用户以创建游戏内好友列表、提供有效的广告、改善我们的客户服务与支持运营，进行欺诈检测并保护与加固我们的用户、我们公司自身及我们的“服务”。 				
“遵守法律义务”：在有限的情况下，我们可能会在需要履行法律义务的情况下处理您的“个人数据”。例如：适用法律、或我们收到法院或监管机构的命令中所规定的内容。 				

以下更详细地描述了我们使用“个人数据”的目的：

促进、运营与提供我们的“服务”；
为我们玩家验证身份，并允许他们使用其他功能；
为我们的用户提供客户服务、协助以及技术支持服务；
使您能够与游戏中的其他玩家互动；
根据共同或个人的喜好、经验与难易接受程度，进一步地开发、定制并改善“服务”以及您的用户体验，包括个性化您的个人资料和朋友列表；
根据您的偏好或根据我公司或我们的服务提供商可用的其他数据（包括用于重新定位的目的）来更有效地管理与投放广告，包括：基于“游戏”内进度和活动的、基于上下文、行为，以及以兴趣为基础的广告;
通过一般或个性化的服务相关通知（例如：购买确认或系统维护通知）、（通过电子邮件、Facebook、推送通知或任何其他可用渠道）与我们的用户联系；通过促销通知（例如“游戏”更新、奖金、新功能、VIP服务等）与我们的用户联系；并促进、赞助与提供某些活动和促销活动； 				
支持与增强我们的数据安全措施，包括为防止与减轻欺诈、错误，或者任何非法或受到禁止的活动的风险；
为创建统计数据总汇、推断的非个人数据，或者匿名或假名数据（呈现的非个人数据），我公司或我们的服务提供商可能会使用这些数据来提供并改善我们各自的服务；以及
遵守任何适用的法律与法规。

3. 储存与保留
尽管不同地区之间的隐私法可能会有所不同，但Moon 				Active已采取合理的步骤来确保其“个人数据”被其关联公司与服务提供商以安全合法的方式、并按照行业惯例进行处理，而且是在不管是否存在其他法律要求的情况下，都可套用其规则在其管辖范围内。
我们保留您的“个人数据”，用以维持我们的关系，并为您提供我们的服务。我们将仅在实现我们的收集目的所需的情况下保留您的个人数据。换句话说，只要您仍然是我们的用户并且没有另行通知我们，我们将保留您的“个人数据”。如果您删除账户，我们将采取合理的措施删除您的“个人数据”。 				我们也可能出于法律与会计目的（即根据适用于记录与簿记的法律的要求，并且，为了在您停止使用后出现任何法律问题时提供与我们的关系的证据与证物）保留您的“个人数据”，根据我们的《数据保留政策》。如果您认为我们《数据保留政策》有任何疑问，请通过https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/en-us与我们联系。
请注意，除非适用法律要求，我们没有义务在任何特定时期内保留您的数据，并且可以随时出于任何原因、随时随地安全地删除您的数据，无论是否通知您。
在某些情况下，我们可能会匿名化您的“个人数据”，使其不再与您相关联；在这种情况下，我们可能会在不另行通知您的情况下使用此类信息，不再将其视为本《隐私政策》含义内的个人数据。
4. 个人数据删除账户关闭
除了本《隐私政策》中规定的任何其他权利（《候选人隐私附录》中规定的除外），您还可以随时使用适用游戏中的“账户删除”按钮，按照说明指示 Moon Active 				删除您的“个人数据”。选择此选项将导致您的账户关闭并删除您的所有游戏历史记录、购买信息、社交媒体登录以及与您相关联的有关游戏的其他信息。删除是不可恢复。如果您有多个游戏的账户，则应逐一请求关闭。
收到您的请求后，我们将立即按其行事，但请给出一些时间进行处理。我们还保留如下权利：对适用法律要求我们保留的任何“个人数据”副本予以保留。
5. 数据共享
我们可能会与某些第三方（包括执法机构、我们的服务提供商与我们的分支机构）共享您的数据。我们共享数据的情况总结如下：

遵守法律、律令与当局规定：我们可能会根据传票、搜查令或法院命令（或类似要求）、或遵守适用法律与法规（包括出于国家安全目的）、披露或允许政府与执法人员访问某些“个人数据”。如果我们真诚地认为我们在法律上被迫如此，或者在有关调查、预防或对实际或可疑行为采取措施方面是适当的，则可能在通知或不通知您的情况下进行此类披露，或披露对非法活动、欺诈或其他不当行为的访问。 				
服务提供商：我们可能会聘请选定的第三方公司、承包商与个人来执行与我们自身互补的服务（例如：托管服务、数据分析服务、营销机构与广告服务以及工具、数据与网络安全服务、欺诈检测与预防服务、付款处理服务、客户支持合作伙伴、外部主持者和测试人员、用户服务）参与服务、电子邮件分发与监视服务、会话记录，以及我们的业务、法律、财务与合规顾问（以下统称为“服务提供商”）。这些服务提供商可能会访问您的“个人数据”，这取决于他们在促进与补充我们的服务中的每个特定作用与目的，并且，只能出于我们向其说明的目的处理您的个人数据。我们还可能出于合法商业目的与我们的服务提供商共享匿名、统计或汇总信息。 				
第三方集成：该“服务”允许您与某些第三方服务集成，例如：为了将您的Facebook、Google或Apple账户连接到某个“游戏”，用Google、Facebook或Apple账户登录或进行购买，在这种情况下，您将受到该第三方的条款与条件以及隐私声明的约束（例如：Apple、Google或Facebook）—因此请确保您已事先阅读并接受如是条款。我们不会收到或存储您用于任何第三方服务的密码。 				
保障权利与安全：如果我们真诚地相信这将有助于保护Moon Active，我们的任何用户或任何公众的权利、财产或人身安全，我们可能会在不通知您的情况下与他人共享您的“个人数据”。 				
Moon Active 的子公司与分支机构：为了本《隐私政策》中所述的目的，我们可能会在公司内部共享“个人数据”。此外，如果Moon 					Active或其任何关联公司进行任何控制权变更，包括通过合并、收购，或购买实质上所有资产，则您的“个人数据”可能会与此类事件的参与方共享。如果我们认为这种控制权的变更可能会对您随后存储在我们的“个人数据”产生重大影响，我们将通过电子邮件和/或我们服务上的重要通知告知您此事件，以及您对此所拥有的选择权。 				

为了消除疑虑，Moon 				Active可能会根据您的明确批准、或者如果我们在法律上有义务如此、或者如果我们已经成功地将此类数据以非个人和匿名的方式提供时，则可以通过其他方式来共享您的“个人数据”。我们可以自行决定转让、共享，或以其他方式使用非个人数据，而无需进一步获得批准。 			
6. 通讯联系

服务联系：我们可能会与您联系、以提供有关我们服务的重要信息。例如，我们可能（通过任何可用的方式）通知您我们服务的更改或更新、账单问题等。您将无法选择不接收此类型的服务通讯。
促销通讯：如果您已注册接收我们的此类通讯，我们也可能会通知您有关新的服务、活动以及特殊机会，或者收到我们认为对您有用的任何其他信息。我们可以通过我们可用的任何联系方式（例如电话、手机或电子邮件），透过服务、或通过我们在任何其他网站或平台上的营销活动来提供此类通知。 				

您有权随时撤回接受此类促销通讯的同意。您可以通过https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/en-us与我们联系，或按照所收到的促销通讯中的“退订”、“停止”，或“更改电子邮件首选项”说明来做此撤销。 			
7. 数据安全
为保护我公司与我们的服务提供商所拥有的、您的“个人数据”，我们使用适当的物理、程序与电子安全措施，包括在适当情况下进行加密的措施。然而请注意，无论使用任何安全措施，我们都不能也不保证与我们或任何第三方一起存储的任何“个人数据”的绝对保护与安全。如果您发现任何与服务相关的安全或漏洞问题，则应发送电子邮件至：info@moonactive.com。 			
8. Cookies与追踪技术
我们的“服务”与某些“服务提供商”利用“Cookie”、匿名标识符以及其他追踪技术（统称为“追踪技术”）来帮助我们提供与改善我们的“服务”、个性化您的体验，并监控我们的活动与广告系列的效果，以及我们的应用程序、“游戏”与“服务”的整体使用情况。欲了解更多详情，请访问我们的《Cookie政策》。
9.广告用途
我们的“游戏”包括第三方服务与其产品的广告。我们和我们的广告合作伙伴会使用有关您的某些数据，以改善我们的广告作业，并使我们投放的广告更加有效、更与您的兴趣相关而且有趣，包括：部署基于兴趣的广告以及定位、广告衡量与归因系统。 			
这些数据包括：您的设备广告标识符（例如，IDFA或广告ID，如果可用）、与您关联的Facebook、Google或Apple个人资料（如有，例如您的性别、地区或国家）相关的数据、游戏内容、用户游戏内ID、产品交互数据以及其他基于人口统计与基于兴趣的信息。我们或我们的广告合作伙伴可能已根据您的同意或其他法律依据（即为向您提供我们各自的服务或根据我们在上文中所描述的、“合法权益”所要求的条例）从您那里获得或关于您的资料。 			
我们或我们的广告合作伙伴提供的广告可以在我们的“游戏”、我们的“服务”中，或通过其他渠道（例如第三方网站与应用程序）展示给客户。
本《隐私政策》不适用于我们不拥有或不受我们控制的公司，或我们管理不到的员工或服务提供商。您提供给通过我们的服务刊登广告的网站、应用程序或“服务”的任何信息，均将受到其中所指定的、适用的隐私政策的保护。请确保阅读您访问的任何第三方应用程序、服务和网站的隐私政策，或提供访问您的信息的权限。这些第三方有责任保护您提供给他们的任何信息，因此，我们对其使用您的个人识别信息不承担任何责任。欲了解更多详情，请访问我们的《Cookie政策》。

如何调整针对基于兴趣的广告的偏好如果您希望避免将设备的广告ID或其他标识符用于基于兴趣的广告，则可以更改设备设置来重置该广告ID、或选择退订此类广告（通常在《隐私政策》下提供，或可在设备设置中的“广告”部分寻得）。如果您居住在美国、加拿大或欧洲地区，那么您也可以选择退出参与《数字广告联盟》的广告合作伙伴收集的数据，请访www.aboutads.info/choices（适用于美国用户）；或www.youradchoices.ca/choices（适用于加拿大用户），www.youronlinechoices.eu （适用于欧洲用户）。请注意，如果您重置广告ID、或选择退出基于兴趣的广告，您仍可能会在我们的“游戏”或任何其他渠道中看到广告，然而，这些广告将不会基于上述标识符进行定位。例如，此类广告可能基于上下文，例如您在“游戏”中的进度与动作、或您的语言偏好而设。请注意，此类操作可能会导致用户体验不佳。 				
汇总与信息分析我们使用Google Analytics的标准分析工具，可能也会不时使用其他分析工具。这些工具的隐私惯例，受其各自的隐私政策之约束。欲了解更多详情，请访问我们的《Cookie政策》。
Google产品Google使用Cookie之类的技术追踪并分析对我们网站和/或SDK的使用，以便在我们的游戏中投放广告。若要了解有关Google如何处理数据的更多详情，建议您查看位于以下网址的Google政策：https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites。有关其他详情，请参阅以下网站的Google 					Analytics退出网络工具：https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.有关Google SDK处理和存储的数据的更多详情，请参阅：https://support.google.com/admob/answer/7665968。 				

10. 数据主体权利 –欧洲经济区、瑞士和英国

如果您是欧洲经济区 (EEA)、瑞士或英国 (UK) 的居民，而我们处理有关于您的个人数据，您则享有以下权利：

请求访问您的“个人数据”（通常称为“数据主体访问请求”）。这使您能够收到我们持有的关于您的个人数据副本，检查我们是否对其进行合法处理。 				
请求更正我们持有的关于您的“个人数据”。这使您能够更正我们持有的关于您的任何不完整或不准确的信息。
请求删除您的“个人数据”。这使您能够要求我们删除或移除我们没有充分理由继续处理的“个人数据”。您还有权要求我们删除或移除您已对处理行使反对权利的“个人数据”（见下文）。 				
在我们依赖于合法利益（或第三方的合法利益），而您的特定情况使您想要以此为由反对处理的情况下，反对处理您的“个人数据”。您还有权反对我们出于直接营销目的处理您的“个人数据”。 				
请求限制处理您的“个人数据”。这使您能够要求我们暂停处理有关于您的“个人数据”，例如，如果您希望我们确定其准确性或对其进行处理的原因。 				
请求传输您的“个人数据”至另一方。
通常无需付费。您无需支付费用即可访问您的“个人数据”（或行使任何其他权利）。但是，如果您的访问请求明显没有根据或请求过度，我们可能会收取合理的费用。或者，在这种情况下，我们可能会拒绝遵从请求。 				
我们可能需要您提供什么。我们可能需要向您索取特定信息，以帮助我们确认您的身份，确保您有权访问相关信息（或行使您的任何其他权利）。这是另一种适当的安全措施，可以确保不会将“个人数据”透露给任何无权接收的人。 				
撤回同意的权利。在您可能已经同意出于特定目的收集、处理和传输您的“个人数据”的有限情况下，您有权随时撤回对该特定处理的同意。若要撤回您的同意，请联系 					info@moonactive.com。一旦我们收到您撤回同意的通知，我们将不再出于您最初同意的一个或多个目的处理您的信息，除非我们在法律方面具有其他合法依据。如果您希望根据适用法律（例如：通用数据保护条例或英国GDPR）行使您的权利，请在此处联系我们。 				

如果您居住在欧洲经济区或英国，您也可以通过dpr@moonactive.com联系我们的欧洲经济区或英国代表。
如果您希望管理我们从您玩游戏的第三方应用程序或平台（例如Facebook、Apple或Google）获得的有关您的个人资料，请按照第三方应用程序的说明来更新您的个人资料，以及更改隐私设置 。
您有权向数据保护监管机构投诉。对于欧洲经济区居民，您可通过https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en查找国家监管机构的详细信息，英国居民可以通过https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/联系信息专员办公室。 			
11. 数据传输
您的“个人数据”可能由Moon Active以及我们在美国和其他司法管辖区的授权分支机构和服务提供商根据适当交付我们的服务的需要或法律的要求进行维护、处理、访问和存储。Moon Active 				位于英国、瑞士和欧盟委员会主管部门认为可为欧洲经济区 和英国居民的“个人数据”提供充分保护的司法管辖区。
我们可能会将我们收集的有关于您的“个人数据”传输到欧洲经济区、瑞士或英国之外，以履行我们与您的合同。为确保您的“个人数据”得到足够程度的保护，我们采取了以下措施，以确保这些第三方以符合并尊重欧盟和英国数据保护法律的方式处理您的“个人数据”：标准合同条款和作为欧盟充分性判定对象的国家。如果需要有关保护措施的更多信息，您可使用第13节中提供的详细数据与我们联系。 			
12. 年龄资格
以下游戏适用于十六（16）岁及以上的个人："My Café: Recipes and stories "、 "Toy Defense"、"Toy Defense 2"、"Toy Defense:
				Fantasy"、"Fish Now.io"、“Kitchen Stars”、"Family Island"、"My Pizza Restaurant"、"Zen Match", "Travel Town"。
所有其他游戏仅适用于年满十八（18）岁或以上或符合您所在司法管辖区中其法定成年年龄者，以较长者为准。
我们保留在任何阶段要求提供年龄证明或父母同意的权利。倘若我们怀疑有未达到适用年龄的用户时， 我们可能会阻止用户使用服务。我们不会有意收集未成年用户的个人数据，也不希望如此。如果我们得知有未成年人正在使用我们的服务、或玩我们的任何游戏，我们可能会禁止并且阻止此类使用，并将尽一切努力迅速删除与我们有关的、为未成年人所存储的任何个人数据。 			
如果您认为我们可能有任何此类数据，请通过https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/en-us与我们联系。
13. 修订和控制版本
我们可能会不时在我们的服务上发布修订版本以修订本《隐私政策》。修改后的版本，自发布的生效日期起生效。如果涉及任何重大的政策更改，我们将通过任何可用的通讯方式、或在服务上提供预先通知。在此通知期之后，所有修改均视为您已接受。如果您不同意受新的或修改的《隐私政策》条款的约束，则必须停止使用我们的服务。 			
本《隐私政策》以英语起草，是本《隐私政策》的原始与控制版本。本《隐私政策》翻译成其他语言的所有内容仅为方便起见，对本《隐私政策》的含义或用途并不具控制性质。如果《隐私政策》的任何翻译版本与英语版本之间的含义存在任何歧义，应以英语版本为准。  			
14. 联系我们
如果您对本《隐私政策》有任何意见或疑问，或者对《隐私政策》有任何疑问，或者希望与Moon Active的数据保护经理联系，请使用此链接。
如果您居住在欧盟或英国，您也可以通过dpr@moonactive.com联系我们的欧盟或英国代表。
附件 A
候选人隐私附录
Moon Active 				致力于保护您的“个人数据”的隐私和安全。本《候选人隐私附录》描述我们如何根据适用的数据保护法规，在您与我们建立工作关系之前收集和使用您的“个人数据”。它适用于所有申请员工、工人或承包商职位的候选人。 			
本《候选人隐私附录》适用于申请Moon Active员工和承包商职位的候选人。本《候选人隐私附录》不构成任何雇佣合同或其他提供服务的合同的一部分。我们可能随时更新此通知。
请务必阅读本《候选人隐私附录》和我们的《隐私政策》以及我们在收集或处理有关于您的“个人数据”时，可能在特定场合向您提供的任何其他隐私通知，以便您了解我们如何及为何使用此类信息以及您在适用的数据保护法规下的权利。 			
A. 数据保护原则：
我们将遵守数据保护法，它要求我们持有的关于您的“个人数据”：

合法、公平、透明地进行使用；
仅出于我们已向您明确说明的有效目的进行收集，不得以任何与这些目的不相一致的方式使用；
与我们已告知您的目的相关且仅限于这些目的；
准确无误并保持最新；
仅在我们告知您的目的所需的情况下保留；以及
妥善保管。

B．我们持有的关于您的信息类型：
 
个人数据或“个人数据”是指有关于某人且可对其进行识别的任何信息。它不包括已删除身份的数据（匿名数据）。有一些“特殊类别”的更敏感的个人数据需要更高级别的保护，例如有关个人健康或性取向的信息。 			
我们可能会收集、存储和使用关于您的以下类别的“个人数据”：

个人联系信息，例如姓名、职务、地址、电话号码和个人电子邮件地址。
出生日期。
性别。
直系亲属和紧急联系信息。
就业地点或工作场所。
招聘信息（包括工作权文件的副本、推荐信及其他包含在简历或求职信中或作为申请流程一部分的信息）。
就业记录（包括职务、工作经历、工作时间、假期、培训记录和专业会员身份）。
薪酬历史记录。
业绩信息。
纪律和申诉信息。
闭路电视录像和通过电子方式获得的其他信息，例如，访谈期间的刷卡记录（如果适用）。
照片。
在英国，HMRC就业状况检查的结果、有关您对提供服务的中介的兴趣以及与之联系的详细信息C.

 
C. 如何收集您的个人信息？
 
我们通过申请和招聘流程直接从候选人，有时也从职业介绍所，收集有关候选人的“个人数据”。我们有时可能会从第三方收集额外信息，包括前雇主。
D. 我们将如何使用您的信息： 
我们只会在法律允许且有合法理由的情况下使用您的“个人数据”。最常见的是，我们将依据以下合法理由处理您的“个人数据”： 

我们征得您的同意（“同意”）。
我们需要履行我们与您签订的合同或采取措施与您签订合同（“合同”）。
我们需要遵守法律义务（“法律义务”）。
我们的合法利益（或第三方的合法利益）是必要的，而您的利益和基本权利不会凌驾于这些利益（“合法利益”）之上。

如果您未能按要求提供某些信息，我们可能无法评估您是否有资格申请或是否适合空缺职位，或者我们可能无法遵守我们的法律义务。
我们只会将您的“个人数据”用于我们收集之目的，除非我们合理认为，我们需要出于其他原因予以使用，而且该原因与原始目的相一致。如果我们需要将您的“个人数据”用于不相关的目的，我们则会通知您并说明我们这样做的法律依据。 			
请注意，在法律要求或允许的情况下，我们可能会在您不知情或不同意的情况下，按照上述规则处理您的“个人数据”。
我们持有的关于您的“个人数据”应准确无误且为最新信息，这一点很重要。在您候选期间，请随时告知我们您的个人数据的变化。
E. 数据共享：
我们可能必须与第三方共享您的数据，包括第三方服务提供商和Moon Active的其他实体。
我们要求第三方尊重您的数据安全并依法进行处理。
我们可能会将您的“个人数据”传输到欧盟以外，倘若如此，我们将确保您的个人数据得到充分保护。请参阅我们的《隐私政策》第10节，以了解更多信息。

你们为什么可能会与第三方共享我的“个人数据”？在法律要求、有必要管理与您的工作关系或我们拥有其他合法利益的情况下，我们将与第三方共享您的“个人数据”。
哪些第三方服务提供商处理我的“个人数据”？“第三方”包括第三方服务提供商（例如承包商和指定代理商）。以下服务提供商出于下列目的处理有关于您的“个人数据”： 					
Comeet – 招聘


我的信息在我们集团服务提供商和其他实体中的安全性如何？我们的所有服务提供商均须根据我们的政策采取适当的安全措施保护您的“个人数据”。我们不允许我们的服务提供商将您的“个人数据”用于他们自己的目的。我们允许他们仅出于特定目的并按照我们的指示处理您的个人数据。 				
其他第三方如何呢？我们可能需要与监管机构共享您的“个人数据”，在其他方面也需遵守法律规定。

 F. 访问、更正、删除和限制的权利
如果您是欧洲经济区或英国的居民，在某些情况下，您有权享有我们《隐私政策》第9节所述的数据主体权利。如果您想查看、核实、更正或要求删除您的“个人数据”，反对处理您的“个人数据”，或要求我们将您的“个人数据”传输给另一方，请参阅本《隐私政策》第9节。 			
G. 数据保留
我们将仅在实现我们收集之目的所需的情况下保留您的“个人数据”，包括根据适用法律法规满足任何法律、会计或报告要求之目的。为确定个人数据的适当保留期，我们将会考虑个人数据的数量、性质和敏感性、未经授权使用或披露您的“个人数据”可能造成的损害风险、我们处理您的个人数据的目的、我们是否可以通过其他方式实现这些目的以及适用法律要求等。一旦我们不再需要候选人数据，我们则将根据适用法律法规保留或安全销毁您的“个人数据”。 			
H. 联系我们
如有任何问题或疑虑，您可使用《隐私政策》第14节中提供的详细数据与我们联系。




مون آكتيف – سياسة الخصوصية
آخر تحديث: يونيو 2023
 شركة مون آكتيف المحدودة والشركات التابعة لها والشركات التابعة لها" (يشار إليهم 					جميعا بمسمى "مون آكتيف"، "نحن"، 					"لنا" أو ضمير المتكلم "-نا") تعمل على تطوير، نشر وتشغيل الألعاب الاجتماعية لبيئة 				الإنترنت والأجهزة النقّالة ("الألعاب")، وكذلك تطبيقات الإنترنت والأجهزة النقّالة ( يعبّر عن كل منها بمصطلح "تطبيق") 				من أجل اللعب بألعابنا عبر أجهزة ومنصّات متعددة ( مثل الأجهزة النقالة وفيسبوك).
نحن نعمل أيضاً على تشغيل المواقع الإلكترونية www.moonactive.com، www.melsoft-games.com ونطاقاتها الفرعية والمزايا المتعلقة بها 				بالإضافة إلى المتجر عبر الإنترنت (يشار إليهم جميعا بمسمى "المواقع"، ويعبّر عنها مع الألعاب والتطبيق 				مجتمعة بِ – "الخدمات").
تحترم مون آكتيف خصوصيتك وتلتزم باتباع ممارسات أكثر شفافية وإنصافاً عندما يتعلق الأمر بالبيانات الخاصة بك. سياسة 				الخصوصية تصف الآلية التي نقوم من خلالها بجمع، تخزين، استخدام ومشاركة بياناتك الشخصية، وتنطبق هذه السياسة كلّما قمت 				بزيارة مواقعنا، أو تنزيل تطبيقنا واللعب بألعابنا، والتفاعل معنا أو بصورة أخرى كلما قمت بالدخول إلى أو استخدام أي من 				الخدمات الخاصة بنا.
نحن نحثّك بشدة على قراءة سياسة الخصوصية هذه والتأكد من فهمك لها بشكل كامل وموافقتك عليها.
إذا لم تكن موافقاً على سياسة الخصوصية هذه، يرجى التوقف عن استخدام خدماتنا وتجنب استخدامها.
لديك الحق بالتوقف عن استخدام خدماتنا في أي وقت وفقاً لسياسة الخصوصية تلك.
تؤدي مون آكتيف دور "مراقب البيانات"، مما يعني أننا مسؤولون عن تحديد كيفية احتفاظنا ببياناتك الشخصية 					واستخدامها. وإننا مطالبون بموجب تشريعات معينة لحماية البيانات بإخطارك بالمعلومات الواردة في سياسة الخصوصية 					هذه. لستَ ملزماً قانونياً بتزويدنا بأي بيانات شخصية، لكن بدونها 				لن نتمكن من تزويدك بالمجموعة الكاملة أو بأفضل الممارسات لاستخدام الخدمات الخاصة بنا (مثلاً، يمكنك أن تلعب بالألعاب 				الخاصة بنا بدون الاتصال مع حسابك فيسبوك، لكنك لن تكون قادر على الاستمتاع بمزايا التواصل الاجتماعي)

جمع البيانات
استخدامات البيانات
التخزين والاحتفاظ
حذف البيانات الشخصية وإغلاق الحسابات
مشاركة البيانات
المراسلات
أمن البيانات
الكوكيز وتقنيات التتبع
الإعلان
حقوق موضوع البيانات - المنطقة الاقتصادية الأوروبية وسويسرا والمملكة المتحدة
عمليات نقل البيانات
القصر
التعديلات والإصدار المسيطر
اتصل بنا

1. جمع البيانات
نحن نقوم بجمع أربع فئات رئيسية من البيانات (وإلى الحدّ الذي يمكننا من تعريف شخص محدد، أو الشخص المرتبط بتلك البيانات 				المُعرّفة، ويُشار إليها هنا بِ "البيانات الشخصية"):
أ. البيانات التي يتم جمعها أو توليدها تلقائياً
عندما يقوم أحدهم بزيارة أو استخدام أو التفاعل مع خدماتنا، بما في ذلك أي بريد إلكتروني أو رسائل نصية قصيرة يتم إرسالها 				إليه بواسطتنا أو من خلال خدماتنا، فإننا قد نقوم بجمع أو توليد بيانات تقنية تتعلق بهذا الشخص. نحن نجمع أو نقوم بتوليد 				مثل تلك البيانات إما بشكل مستقل أو بالاستعانة بخدمات طرف ثالث ، ويشمل ذلك استخدام "الكوكيز" وغيرها من تكنولوجيا 				التتبع ( كما سيتم تفصيله لاحقاً أدناه).
تتألف مثل تلك البيانات من معلومات الاتصال، والبيانات التقنية أو بيانات الاستخدام التجميعية، مثل عنوان بروتوكول 				الإنترنت IP، مُعرّف-داخل-اللعبة، إحصائيات اللعبة، مفضلات اللعبة، المٌعرّف الفريد للإعلانات( مثل IDFA، حيث يمكنك 				إعادة تعيين هذا المُعرّف حسب تعليمات نظام التشغيل)، البيانات الغير مُعرّفة للهوية المتعلقة بالجهاز، نظام التشغيل، 				إصدار التطبيق أو المتصفح، الشركة الناقلة للاتصالات الجوّالة، إعدادات اللغة، نشاط المستخدم على خدماتنا، النشاط داخل 				اللعبة أو التطبيق (مثل محتوى اللعب\التفاعل مع المنتج وبيانات الإعلانات)، البيانات التشخيصية ( مثل بيانات تعطّل 				التطبيق وبيانات أداء اللعبة). نحن لا نستخدم مثل تلك البيانات لمعرفة الهوية الحقيقية للشخص أو بيانات الاتصال الخاصة 				به، ولكن في الغالب من أجل تكوين فهم أفضل عن كيفية استخدام المستخدمين لخدماتنا.
استخدام البيانات التقنية وبيانات الأجهزة يساعدنا نحن وشركاؤنا على توفير إعلانات تلائم اهتمامات المستخدم أو بصورة أخرى 				توفير إعلانات ومحتوى أكثر فعالية، وتحسين إدارة الإعلانات الخاصة بنا وتحسين تجربة المشاهدة للمستخدمين)، وتساعدنا على 				تحسين أدائنا بشكل عام وتجربة المستخدم الخاصة بك مع هذه الخدمات. لمزيد من المعلومات حول استخدامات الإعلانات التجارية، 				يرجى الاطلاع على القسم 8 أدناه.
ب. البيانات المستلَمة منك:  
يمكن أن تقوم بتزويدنا ببياناتك الشخصية طوعاً، مثلاً عند قيامك بإعداد حساب معنا، والاتصال بنا ( من خلال فيسبوك، 				الماسنجر، البريد الإلكتروني، الدردشة داخل اللعبة أو أي قناة أخرى، بما في ذلك أي خدمات دعم)، عندما تقوم بالنشر على 				المنتدى العام الخاص بنا أو المجموعات، وعندما تزودنا بعنوان بريدك الإلكتروني ( عندما تقوم بالتسجيل لاستلام التحديثات 				عبر البريد الإلكتروني أو الهدايا)، وعند مشاركتك في المسابقات والحملات الترويجية الأخرى، وعند قيامك بالشراء داخل أي 				من الألعاب، وعند تفاعلك مع المستخدمين الآخرين من خلال الدردشة داخل اللعبة أو عندما تختار ربط حسابك فيسبوك، جوجل، أبل 				أو ما شابه مع أي من الألعاب الخاصة بنا.
ج.  البيانات المستلمة من فيسبوك والقنوات الأخرى:
عندما تقوم بربط الألعاب مع حسابك فيسبوك، جوجل، أبل أو ما شابه، سنحصل على إمكانية الوصول إلى ملفك التعريفي العام، بما 				في ذلك (إلى الحد الذي عرّفته على أنه "عام")، حسب الاقتضاء، اسمك الكامل، (عناوين البريد الإلكتروني الذي قدمته في 				حسابك فيسبوك أو جوجل أو أبل)، الجنس، صورة الملف الشخصي أو ما شابه ذلك، الصورة، الموقع، النطاق الزمني، وقائمة أصدقائك 				الذين يلعبون الألعاب (بالإضافة إلى صورهم ومعلومات ملفاتهم الشخصية العامة الأخرى). سيسمح لنا ذلك بعرض صور الملف 				التعريفي العامة الخاصة بك وبأصدقائك داخل الألعاب من أجل إنشاء قائمة الأصدقاء داخل اللعبة. إضافة لذلك، قد نقوم نحن أو 				شركاؤنا في مجال الإعلان باستلام معلومات عامة من فيسبوك أو قنواتنا التسويقية الأخرى تتعلق بأداء حملاتنا الإعلانية، 				مثل الفئة العمرية المستهدفة أو الاهتمامات، وقد نتمكن نحن أو شركاؤنا من ربط مثل تلك البيانات العامة بأي بيانات أخرى 				بحوزتنا. لمعرفة المزيد عن ممارساتنا الإعلانية، يرجى الرجوع إلى القسم 8 أدناه.
إذا قمت بالدخول إلى خدماتنا من خلال طرف ثالث مثل فيسبوك، جوجل، أو أبل أو قمت بربط خدماتنا مع أي حساب طرف ثالث، ينبغي 				عليك أن تقرأ أيضاً الشروط والأحكام وسياسة الخصوصية الخاصة بهم. إذا كنت غير متأكد عمّا هي البيانات التي يقوم تطبيق 				الطرف الثالث بمشاركتها معنا، يرجى زيارة الموقع الإلكتروني الخاص بتطبيق الطرف الثالث من أجل معرفة المزيد عن ممارسات 				الخصوصية لديهم.
د. بيانات المعاملات:
يتم عادة معالجة المشتريات داخل اللعبة بواسطة مزوّد المنصة ذات الصلة (مثل أبل، جوجل أو فيسبوك)، ولن نقوم بجمع أو تخزين 				بياناتك المالية، مثل أرقام البطاقات الائتمانية أو حسابك المصرفي. قد نقوم رغم ذلك باستلام بيانات شخصية غير مالية 				تتعلق بالمشتريات، مثل اسمك، عنوان الفوترة، عنوان البريد الإلكتروني والعناصر التي تم شراؤها، وذلك من أجل تلبية طلب 				الشراء ولأغراض المحاسبة.
2. استخدامات البيانات
يعتمد أساسنا القانوني في جمع واستخدام بياناتك الشخصية على الغرض المحدد الذي تتم معالجة بياناتك من أجله، على أي حال، 				نحن نستخدم التالي بشكل عام:
أ. "أداء العقد". سنعتمد هذا الأساس من أجل المعالجة الضرورية لتوفير الألعاب، بما في ذلك ألعاب التواصل الاجتماعي عندما 				تختار تسجيل الدخول من خلال فيسبوك، جوجل، أو أبل، وخدمات الدعم، ولكي نرسل إليك مراسلات الخدمة والهدايا والمكافآت.
ب. "الموافقة". في حالات محدودة (حيث تختار التسجيل لاستلام رسائل البريد الإلكتروني التسويقية بشكل مباشر، وعندما توافق 				على استلام الكوكيز من مواقعنا، سنقوم بمعالجة بياناتك الشخصية بناءً على موافقتك. يمكنك أن تسحب موافقتك في أي وقت من 				خلال الاتصال بنا باستخدام التفاصيل في القسم 13.
ج. "المصالح المشروعة". سنقوم بمعالجة بياناتك الشخصية حسب مصالحنا المشروعة في صيانة وتحسين خدماتنا وعروضنا، ولكي نفهم 				كيف يتم استخدام خدماتنا، ولتقديم إعلانات تجارية فعّالة ضمن ألعابنا ومن خلال القنوات الأخرى، ومن أجل مطابقة 				المستخدمين لإنشاء قوائم الأصدقاء داخل اللعبة، وتحسين خدمة العملاء وعمليات الدعم، ومن أجل الكشف عن أنشطة الاحتيال 				وتأمين المستخدمين، وأنفسنا والخدمات.
د. "الامتثال للالتزامات القانونية". في حالات محدودة قد نقوم بمعالجة بياناتك الشخصية عندما نحتاج للقيام بذلك من أجل 				الامتثال مع التزاماتنا القانونية، كما هو منصوص عليه في القانون المطبّق، أو إذا استلمنا أمر من المحكمة أو الهيئة 				التنظيمية.
التالي هو مزيد من التفاصيل حول الأغراض التي لأجلها نقوم بمعالجة بياناتك الشخصية:
أ. لتيسير، وتشغيل وتقديم خدماتنا.

ب. من أجل المصادقة على هوية اللاعبين، والسماح لهم بالوصول إلى المزايا الإضافية.
ج. لتزويد المستخدمين بخدمة العملاء، والمساعدة وخدمات الدعم التقني.
د. من أجل تمكينِك من التفاعل مع اللاعبين الآخرين في اللعبة.
هـ. من أجل إجراء مزيد من التطوير والتخصيص والتحسين على الخدمات وتجربة المستخدم، بالاعتماد على المفضلات والتجارب 					والصعوبات المشتركة أو الشخصية، بما في ذلك عن طريق تخصيص ملفك الشخصي وقائمة الأصدقاء.
و. لإدارة وعرض الإعلانات بشكل أكثر كفاءة، بما في ذلك الإعلانات السياقية، السلوكية والمُعتمِدة على الاهتمامات حسب 					التقدم المُحرَز والنشاط داخل اللعبة، وحسب مفضلاتك أو أي بيانات أخرى متاحة لنا أو لمزودي الخدمة، بما في ذلك 					لأغراض إعادة-الاستهداف
ز. للتواصل مع المستخدمين لدينا (من خلال البريد الإلكتروني، فيسبوك، الإشعارات الدَفعية أو أي قنوات أخرى متاحة) 					سواء لإيصال الرسائل العامة أو الشخصية المتعلقة بالخدمة (مثل تأكيدات الشراء أو إشعارات صيانة النظام)، للتواصل 					مستخدمينا لأغراض الرسائل الترويجية (مثل تحديثات اللعبة، العلاوات، المزايا الجديدة، خدمات كبار الشخصيات، الخ)، 					ومن أجل تيسير ورعاية فعاليات وحملات ترويج محددة.
ح. لدعم وتحسين تدابير أمن البيانات لدينا، بما في ذلك لأغراض منع وتخفيف مخاطر الاحتيال، الخطأ أو الأنشطة الغير 					قانونية أو المحظورة.
ط. من أجل إنشاء بيانات إحصائية تجميعية، مستنبطة من البيانات الغير-شخصية أو المجهولة الهوية أو المستعارة (المتاحة 					بصيغة مجهولة الهوية)، والتي قد نستخدمها نحن أو لمزودي الخدمة من أجل توفير أو تحسين خدماتنا.

ك. للامتثال مع أي قوانين وأنظمة مُطبّقة.
 
3. التخزين والاحتفاظ
في حين أن قوانين الخصوصية قد تتفاوت بين الولايات القضائية، فقد اتخذت مون آكتيف الخطوات المعقولة لكي تضمن بأن شركاتها 				التابعة ومزودي خدماتها تتعامل مع بياناتك الشخصية بطريقة آمنة وقانونية، وفقاً لممارسات الصناعة السائدة، بغض النظر عن 				أي متطلبات قانونية أقل قد تنطبق في ولايتها القضائية. نحن نحتفظ ببياناتك الشخصية من أجل الحفاظ على علاقتنا، ومن أجل 				تزويدك بخدماتنا. سنحتفظ ببياناتك الشخصية فقط طالما كان ذلك ضروريًا لتحقيق الأغراض التي جمعناها من أجلها. بكلمات 				أخرى، سوف نحتفظ ببياناتك الشخصية طالما بقيتَ مستخدمًا لدينا ولم تخطرنا بخلاف ذلك. سنتخذ التدابير المعقولة من أجل حذف 				بياناتك الشخصية في حال قمتَ بحذف حسابك. من الممكن أيضاً أن نحتفظ ببياناتك الشخصية للأغراض القانونية والمحاسبية 				(وفقاً لما يقتضيه القانون المطبّق من أجل حفظ السجلات وضبط الحسابات، ومن أجل امتلاك الدليل والإثبات ذي الصلة 				بعلاقتنا، في حال بروز أي قضايا قانونية بعد توقفك عن استخدام الخدمة)، وفقاً لسياسة الاحتفاظ بالبيانات الخاصة بنا. إذا 				كانت لديك أي أسئلة عن سياسة الاحتفاظ بالبيانات يرجى التواصل معنا على https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/en-us.
يرجى العلم بأنه باستثناء ما يقتضيه القانون المعمول به، فإننا غير ملزمين بالاحتفاظ ببياناتك لأي فترة محددة، ولدينا 				الحرية في حذفها لأي سبب في أي وقت، سواء بإخطارك أو بدون.
في بعض الحالات، قد نجعل بياناتك الشخصية مجهولة بحيث لا يمكن ربطها بك. وفي هذه الحالة قد نستخدم تلك المعلومات دون 				إشعار آخر لك، ولم تعد تعتبر بيانات شخصية بالمعنى المقصود في سياسة الخصوصية هذه.
4. حذف البيانات الشخصية وإغلاق الحسابات
بالإضافة إلى أي حقوق أخرى منصوص عليها في سياسة الخصوصية هذه (باستثناء ما هو مبين في ملحق خصوصية المرشح)، يمكنك في أي 				وقت توجيه شركة مون آكتيف بحذف بياناتك الشخصية عن طريق الوصول إلى زر "حذف الحساب" في اللعبة المعمول بها ومن خلال 				اتباع التعليمات. سيؤدي تحديد هذا الخيار إلى إغلاق حسابك وحذف جميع محفوظات اللعب ومعلومات الشراء وتسجيل الدخول إلى 				الوسائط الاجتماعية وغيرها من المعلومات المرتبطة بك فيما يتعلق باللعبة. وتكون عملية الحذف غير قابلة للرجوع فيها. إذا 				كنت تحتفظ بحسابات مع ألعاب متعددة، فيجب عليك طلب إغلاق كل منها.
عند استلام طلبك، سنلتزم به على الفور، ولكن يرجى إتاحة بعض الوقت للمعالجة. نحتفظ أيضًا بالحق في الاحتفاظ بنسخة من أي 				بيانات شخصية نحن مطالبون بموجب القانون المعمول به بالاحتفاظ بها.
5. مشاركة البيانات
من الممكن أن نقوم بمشاركة بياناتك مع أطراف ثالثة محددة، بما في ذلك وكالات إنفاذ القانون، مزودي الخدمات ومزودي 				خدماتنا. التالي ملخص للظروف التي نقوم فيها بمشاركة البيانات:
أ. الامتثال للقوانين والأوامر القانونية والسلطات: قد نقوم 				بالإفصاح أو نسمح للمسؤولين الحكوميين والقانونيين بالوصول إلى بيانات شخصية محددة، استجابةً لمذكرة إحضار أو أمر محكمة 				(أو ما شابهها من المتطلبات)، أو امتثالاً للقوانين واللوائح المعمول بها، بما في ذلك لأغراض الأمن القومي. قد يحدث مثل 				ذلك الإفصاح أو الوصول بإخطارك أو بدون علمك، إذا كان لدينا اعتقاد بحسن نية بأننا مجبرين بالقيام بذلك قانونياً، أو بأن 				ذلك الإفصاح يعتبر ملائماً فيما يتعلق بجهود التحقيق في أو منع أو اتخاذ إجراء ضد نشاط غير قانوني أو احتيال فعلي أو 				مشتبه به.

ب. مزودي الخدمة:   من الممكن أن نكلّف شركات 					مختارة أو مقاولين أو أفراد من طرف ثالث من أجل أداء خدمات مكمّلة لخدماتنا ( مثل خدمات الاستضافة، خدمات تحليل 					البيانات، وكالات التسويق وخدمات وأدوات الإعلانات، خدمات أمن البيانات والأمن السيبراني، خدمات كشف الاحتيال ومنعه، 					خدمات معالجة الدفع، شركاء دعم العملاء، المشرفين وموظفي الاختبار، خدمات إشغال المستخدم، خدمات توزيع ومراقبة 					البريد الإلكتروني، تسجيل الجلسات، ومستشاري الأعمال، القانون، المالية والامتثال ممن نتعامل معهم) ( يطلق عليها 					مجتمعين "مزودي الخدمات"). من الممكن أن يكون لمزودي الخدمات هؤلاء إمكانية الوصول إلى بياناتك 					الشخصية، حسب أدوارهم وأغراضهم المحددة في تيسير واستكمال خدماتنا، ويمكنهم معالجة بياناتك الشخصية من أجل الأغراض 					التي أوعزنا لك بها. يجوز لنا أيضًا مشاركة معلومات مجهولة المصدر أو إحصائية أو مجمعة مع مزودي خدماتنا لأغراض 					تجارية مشروعة.
ج. الربط مع خدمات طرف ثالث: تسمح لك الخدمات بالربط مع 					خدمات محددة من طرف ثالث، مثل ربط حساب فيسبوك أو جوجل أو أبل مع لعبة محددة، وتسجيل الدخول باستخدام جوجل أو 					فيسبوك، أو تسجيل الدخول باستخدام أبل أو للشراء، وفي هذه الحال أنت ملزَم بالأحكام والشروط وإشعارات الخصوصية 					للأطراف الثالثة المذكورة (مثل أبل، جوجل أو فيسبوك) – لذا يرجى التأكد من قراءتك لها وموافقتك عليها مسبقاً.
					نحن لا نستلم ولا نخزن كلمات المرور الخاصة بك لأي من خدمات الطرف الثالث تلك.
د. حماية الحقوق والسلامة: قد نقوم بمشاركة بياناتك الشخصية مع الآخرين، مع أو 					بدون إرسال إشعار إليك، إذا كنا نعتقد بحسن نية بأن ذلك سيساعد في حماية الحقوق، الملكيات أو السلامة الشخصية لشركة 					مون آكتيف، أو أي من المستخدمين لدينا أو أعضاء عامة الشعب.
   هـ.الفرعية والشركات التابعة لشركة مون 						آكتيف: من الممكن أن نقوم بمشاركة البيانات الشخصية داخلياً ضمن عائلة شركاتنا، للأغراض المبينة في 					سياسة الخصوصية هذه. إضافة لذلك، في حال تعرضت مون آكتيف أو أي من شركاتها التابعة لأي تغيير في إدارتها، بما في ذلك 					عن طريق الدمج، الاستحواذ أو شراء جميع أصولها، قد يتم مشاركة بياناتك الشخصية مع الأطراف المشاركة في مثل ذلك 					الحدث. إذا كنا نعتقد بأن مثل ذلك التغيير في الإدارة من الممكن أن يؤثر مادياً على بياناتك الشخصية المخزنة لدينا 					في ذلك الحين، سنقوم بإخطارك بمثل ذلك الحدث والخيارات المتاحة أمامك عبر البريد الإلكتروني و\أو إشعار ظاهر على نحو 					بارز على خدماتنا.

للتخلص من أي شكوك، قد تقوم مون آكتيف بمشاركة بياناتك الشخصية بأساليب إضافية، رهناً بموافقتك الصريحة، أو إذا كنا 				مجبرين بذلك قانونياً، أو إذا نجحنا في إعادة صياغة هذه البيانات بحيث تصبح غير شخصية ومجهولة الهوية. قد نقوم بنقل، 				مشاركة أو بصورة أخرى استخدام البيانات الغير شخصية وفقاً لتقديرنا الخاص وبدون الحاجة لأي موافقات أخرى.
 
6. المراسلات
أ. مراسلات الخدمة: من الممكن أن نتواصل معك لاطلاعك على المعلومات الهامة 				التي تتعلق بخدماتنا. مثلاً، قد نقوم بإبلاغك (من خلال أي من الوسائل المتاحة لنا) عن التغييرات أو التحديثات التي ستتم 				على خدماتنا، مسائل الفوترة، الخ. لن يكون بمقدورك اختيار عدم استلام مراسلات الخدمة تلك.
ب. المراسلات الترويجية: إذا سجلت لاستلام مثل تلك المراسلات منا، من 				الممكن أيضاً أن نقوم بإخطارك بخصوص الخدمات الجديدة، الفعاليات والفرص الخاصة أو أي معلومات أخرى نعتقد بأنها ذات قيمة 				لديك. من الممكن أن نرسل مثل تلك الإشعارات من خلال أي من وسائل التواصل المتاحة لنا (مثل الهاتف، الهاتف النقال، أو 				البريد الإلكتروني)، أو من خلال الخدمات، أو من خلال الحملات التسويقية على أي من المواقع أو المنصات الأخرى.
لديك الحق بسحب موافقتك على استلام مثل تلك المراسلات الترويجية في أي وقت. يمكنك القيام بذلك من خلال التواصل معنا عبر 				الموقع https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/en-us أو اتباع 				تعليمات "إلغاء الاشتراك"، "إيقاف" أو "تغيير مفضلات البريد الإلكتروني" في المراسلات الترويجية التي تستلمها.
7. أمن البيانات
من أجل حماية بياناتك الشخصية المحفوظة لدينا ولدى مزودي الخدمة الذين نتعامل معهم، نحن نستخدم التدابير الأمنية 				الإلكترونية والإجرائية والمادية المناسبة، بما في ذلك التشفير حيثما يكون ذلك مناسباً. على أي حال، يرجى العلم بأنه بغض 				النظر عن أي معايير أمنية مستخدمة، لا يمكننا أن نضمن ولن نضمن أمن وحماية مطلقة لأي بيانات شخصية مخزنة لدينا أو لدى أي 				طرف ثالث. في حال اكتشفت أي مشكلات تتعلق بالأمان أو نقاط الضعف المتعلقة بالخدمات، فيجب عليك إرسال بريد إلكتروني إلى:
				info@moonactive.com.
8. الكوكيز وتقنيات التتبع
تستخدم خدماتنا وبعض مزودي خدماتنا "الكوكيز" والمعرفات المجهولة وتقنيات التتبع الأخرى (يشار إليها جميعا باسم 				"تقنيات التتبع") التي تساعدنا على توفير خدماتنا وتحسينها وتخصيص تجربتك ومراقبة أداء ما نقوم به من 				أنشطة وحملات، وكذلك استخدام تطبيقاتنا وألعابنا وخدماتنا ككل. لمعرفة المزيد، يرجى زيارة سياسة الكوكيز الخاصة بنا.
9. الإعلان
تتضمن ألعابنا الإعلان عن خدمات ومنتجات الطرف الثالث. نستخدم نحن وشركاؤنا في مجال الإعلانات بيانات معينة عنك من أجل 				تحسين ممارساتنا الإعلانية وجعل الإعلانات التي نقدمها أكثر فعالية وملاءمة ومتعة، بما في ذلك عن طريق نشر الإعلانات 				بناء على الاهتمامات، فضلاً عن أنظمة الاستهداف وقياس الإعلان والإسناد.
تتضمن هذه البيانات معرّفات إعلانات جهازك (مثل IDFA أو معرّف الإعلانات)، بالقدر المتاح)، البيانات المتعلقة بملفك 				الشخصي المتصل بفيس بوك أو جوجل أو آبل (إن وجد، مثل جنسك أو منطقتك أو بلدك) ومحتوى طريقة اللعب والمستخدم معرّف اللعبة 				وبيانات التفاعل مع المنتج والمعلومات الديموغرافية والقائمة على الاهتمامات الأخرى التي قد تلقيناها نحن أو شركاؤنا في 				مجال الإعلانات منك أو عنك، بناءً على موافقتك أو أي أساس قانوني آخر (على سبيل المثال، على النحو المطلوب لتزويدك 				بمعلوماتنا الخدمات المعنية، أو بناءً على المصالح المشروعة التي وصفناها أعلاه).
قد تُعرض الإعلانات التي نقدمها نحن أو شركاؤنا في مجال الإعلانات داخل ألعابنا أو خدماتنا أو من خلال قنوات أخرى، مثل 				مواقع الويب والتطبيقات التابعة للطرف الثالث.
لا تنطبق سياسة الخصوصية هذه على ممارسات الشركات التي لا نملكها أو نتحكم فيها، أو على الموظفين أو مقدمي الخدمات الذين 				لا يخضعون لإدارتنا. سيتم تغطية أي معلومات تقدمها إلى المواقع أو التطبيقات أو الخدمات المعلن عنها عبر خدماتنا من خلال 				سياسات الخصوصية المعمول بها والمنصوص عليها هنا. يرجى التأكد من قراءة سياسات الخصوصية لأي تطبيقات وخدمات ومواقع تابعة 				للطرف الثالث تزورها أو توفر الإذن للوصول إلى معلوماتك. تتحمل تلك الأطراف الثالث مسؤولية حماية أي معلومات تقدمها لهم.
				لذلك لن نتحمل المسؤولية عن استخدامها لمعلومات التعريف الشخصية الخاصة بك. لمعرفة المزيد، يرجى زيارة سياسة الكوكيز الخاصة بنا.
أ. كيفية ضبط تفضيلاتك فيما يتعلق بالإعلانات بناء على الاهتمامات
إذا كنت ترغب في منع استخدام معرّف الإعلانات الخاص بجهازك أو أي معرّفات أخرى للإعلانات القائمة على الاهتمامات، فيمكنك 				تغيير إعدادات جهازك لإعادة تعيين معرّف الإعلان هذا أو إلغاء الاشتراك في هذه الإعلانات (يتوفر هذا عادةً ضمن قسم 				"الخصوصية" أو "الإعلانات" في إعدادات جهازك). إذا كنت تعيش في الولايات المتحدة الأمريكية أو كندا أو أوروبا، فيمكنك 				أيضًا إلغاء الاشتراك في جمع بياناتك من قبل شركائنا في مجال الإعلان الذين يشاركون في تحالف الإعلانات الرقمية، من خلال 				زيارة www.aboutads.info/choices (للمستخدمين الأمريكيين)، www.youradchoices.ca/choices (للمستخدمين الكنديين)، 				www.youronlinechoices.eu (للمستخدمين الأوروبيين).
يرجى ملاحظة أنه إذا في حالة إعادة تعيين معرف الإعلان الخاص بك أو إلغاء الاشتراك في الإعلانات بناء على الاهتمامات، فقد 				تستمر في رؤية إعلانات في ألعابنا أو على أي قنوات أخرى، ولكن لن يتم استهداف هذه الإعلانات بناءً على المعرفات المذكورة 				أعلاه. على سبيل المثال، قد تستند هذه الإعلانات بدلاً من ذلك إلى السياق، مثل تقدمك وإجراءاتك في الألعاب أو تفضيلاتك 				اللغوية. يرجى ملاحظة أن مثل هذه الإجراءات قد تؤدي إلى تقليل متعة تجربة المستخدم.
ب. المعلومات المجمعة والتحليلية
نحن نستخدم أدوات التحليلات القياسية في تحليلات جوجل، وقد نستخدم أدوات تحليلات أخرى من وقت لآخر. تخضع ممارسات الخصوصية 				لهذه الأدوات لسياسات الخصوصية الخاصة بها. لمعرفة المزيد، يرجى زيارة سياسة الكوكيز الخاصة بنا.
ج. منتجات جوجل
يستخدم جوجل تقنيات تلك الكوكيز من أجل تتبع وتحليل استخدام موقعنا و/أو حزمة أدوات تطوير البرامج (SDK) لعرض الإعلانات 				داخل ألعابنا. لمعرفة المزيد حول كيفية معالجة جوجل للبيانات، نوصيك بمراجعة سياسات جوجل الموجودة على:
				https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites. للحصول على معلومات إضافية، يرجى الاطلاع على أداة إلغاء 				الاشتراك على الويب في تحليلات جوجل والمتاحة على: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. للحصول على معلومات إضافية 				بخصوص البيانات التي تعالجها حزمة أدوات تطوير البرامج بجوجل وتخزنها، راجع:
				https://support.google.com/admob/answer/7665968
 
10. حقوق موضوع البيانات - المنطقة الاقتصادية الأوروبية 					وسويسرا والمملكة المتحدة
إذا كنت مقيمًا في المنطقة الاقتصادية الأوروبية (EEA) أو سويسرا أو المملكة (المملكة المتحدة) والتي نقوم بمعالجة 				البيانات الشخصية بشأنها: فإن لديك الحق في:

طلب الوصول إلى بياناتك الشخصية (المعروف باسم "طلب الوصول إلى موضوع البيانات"). يمكّنك هذا الطلب 					من تلقي نسخة من البيانات الشخصية التي نحتفظ بها عنك والتحقق من أننا نعالجها بشكل قانوني.

 

طلب تصحيح البيانات الشخصية التي نحتفظ بها عنك. يمكّنك هذا الطلب من تصحيح أي معلومات غير كاملة 					أو غير دقيقة نحتفظ بها عنك.

 
 

طلب محو بياناتك الشخصية. يمكّنك هذا الطلب من مطالبتنا بحذف البيانات الشخصية أو إزالتها في حالة 					عدم وجود سبب وجيه لمواصلة معالجتها. لديك أيضًا الحق في مطالبتنا بحذف بياناتك الشخصية أو إزالتها حيث كنت قد مارست 					حقك في الاعتراض على المعالجة (انظر أدناه).

 

الاعتراض على معالجة بياناتك الشخصية حيث نعتمد على مصلحة مشروعة (أو مصالح طرف ثالث) وهناك شيء 					يتعلق بموقفك الخاص مما يجعلك ترغب في الاعتراض على المعالجة على هذا الأساس. يحق لك أيضًا الاعتراض على المكان الذي 					نعالج فيه بياناتك الشخصية لأغراض التسويق المباشر

 

طلب تقييد معالجة بياناتك الشخصية. يمكّنك هذا الطلب من مطالبتنا بتعليق معالجة بياناتك الشخصية، 					على سبيل المثال إذا كنت تريد منا إثبات دقتها أو سبب معالجتها.

 

طلب نقل بياناتك الشخصية إلى طرف آخر.

 

عادة لا توجد رسوم مطلوبة.

لن تضطر إلى دفع رسوم للوصول إلى بياناتك الشخصية (أو لممارسة أي من الحقوق الأخرى). ومع ذلك، قد نفرض رسومًا معقولة إذا 				كان من الواضح أن طلبك للوصول لا أساس له من الصحة أو مبالغ فيه. بدلاً من ذلك، قد نرفض الامتثال للطلب في مثل هذه 				الظروف.

المعلومات التي قد نحتاجها منك.

قد نحتاج إلى طلب معلومات محددة منك لمساعدتنا في تأكيد هويتك وضمان حقك في الوصول إلى المعلومات (أو ممارسة أي من حقوقك 				الأخرى). وهذا إجراء أمني مناسب آخر لضمان عدم الكشف عن البيانات الشخصية لأي شخص ليس لديه الحق في الحصول عليها.

الحق في سحب الموافقة.

في الحالات محدودة التي قد تكون فيها قد قدمت موافقتك على جمع ومعالجة ونقل بياناتك الشخصية لغرض معين، يحق لك سحب 				موافقتك على هذه المعالجة المحددة في أي وقت. لسحب موافقتك، يرجى الاتصال info@moonactive.com. بمجرد تلقينا إشعارًا 				بأنك قد سحبت موافقتك، لن نعالج معلوماتك بعد الآن للغرض أو الأغراض التي وافقت عليها في الأصل، ما لم يكن لدينا أساس 				شرعي آخر للقيام بذلك بموجب القانون.
إذا كنت ترغب بممارسة حقوقك بموجب القانون المطبّق (اللائحة العامة لحماية البيانات أو اللوائح البريطانية العامة لحماية 				البيانات) يرجى التواصل معنا هنا.
إذا كنت تقيم في المنطقة الاقتصادية الأوروبية أو بريطانيا يمكنك أيضاً التواصل مع ممثلنا في تلك المنطقة أو بريطانيا على 				العنوان dpr@moonactive.com.
إذا كنت ترغب بإدارة المعلومات التي نستلمها عنك من تطبيق أو منصة طرف ثالث حيث تلعب ألعابنا فيها، مثل فيسبوك أو أبل أو 				جوجل، يرجى اتباع التعليمات الخاصة بتطبيق الطرف الثالث من أجل تحديث معلوماتك وتغيير إعدادات الخصوصية الخاصة بك.
لديك الحق بالتقدم بشكوى لدى هيئة الاشراف على حماية البيانات. بالنسبة لسكان المنطقة الاقتصادية الأوروبية ، يمكنكهم 				العثور على تفاصيل عن هيئة الرقابة الوطنية https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en.
				يمكن لسكان المملكة المتحدة الاتصال مع مكتب مفوض المعلومات على https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/.
11. عمليات نقل البيانات
يجوز لشركة مون آكتيف والشركات التابعة لنا ومقدمي الخدمة المعتمدين في الولايات المتحدة ومن الولايات القضائية 					الأخرى الاحتفاظ ببياناتك الشخصية ومعالجتها والوصول إليها وتخزينها، حسب الضرورة لتقديم خدماتنا بالشكل المناسب، أو 					وفقًا لما يقتضيه القانون. تقع مون آكتيف في ولاية قضائية ترى سلطات المملكة المتحدة وسويسرا والمفوضية الأوروبية 					أنها تقدم مستوى مناسبًا من الحماية للبيانات الشخصية للمقيمين في المنطقة الاقتصادية الأوروبية والمملكة 					المتحدة.
يجوز لنا نقل البيانات الشخصية التي نجمعها عنك خارج المنطقة الاقتصادية الأوروبية أو سويسرا أو المملكة المتحدة، 					من أجل تنفيذ عقدنا معك. للتأكد من أن بياناتك الشخصية تتلقى مستوى مناسبًا من الحماية، فقد وضعنا الإجراءات التالية 					لضمان معالجة بياناتك الشخصية من قبل تلك الأطراف الثالثة بطريقة تتوافق مع قوانين الاتحاد الأوروبي والمملكة 					المتحدة بشأن البيانات وتحترمها الحماية: الشروط التعاقدية القياسية والدول التي تخضع لتقرير كفاية البيانات الخاص 					بالاتحاد الأوروبي. إذا كنت بحاجة إلى مزيد من المعلومات حول تدابير الحماية، فيمكنك الاتصال بنا باستخدام التفاصيل 					الواردة في القسم 13.
 
12. القصّر
تتوافر الألعاب التالية للأفراد الذين يبلغون من العمر ستة عشر (16) عاماً فأكثر: "المقهى خاصتي:
				وصفات وقصص"، "دفاع الدمى"، "دفاع الدمى2"، "دفاع الدمى: الخيال"، "السمك الآن"، نجوم المطبخ"، "جزيرة العائلة"، "مطعم 				البيتزا خاصتي", "زين ماتش", "ترافيل تاون".
جميع الألعاب والخدمات الأخرى تتوافر فقط للأفراد الذين يزيد عمرهم عن ثمانية عشر (18) عاماً من العمر أو سن 					الرشد القانوني في الولاية القضائية التي يتبع لها.
نحن نحتفظ بحق طلب إثبات للعمر أو موافقة الوالدين عند أي عمر. يمكن أن نقوم بحظر المستخدمين 					الذين نشتبه بأنهم تحت السن القانوني. نحن لا نجمع عن قصد البيانات الشخصية الخاصة بالقصّر ولا 					نرغب بالقيام بذلك. في حال علمنا عن أي قاصر يستخدم خدماتنا أو يلعب أي من ألعابنا، قد نقوم بحظره 					وسنبذل كل ما في وسعنا من أجل حذف أي بيانات شخصية خاصة به قد تكون مخزنة لدينا بشكل فوري.
إذا كنت تعتقد بأننا من الممكن أن نملك مثل هذه لبيانات، يرجى التواصل معنا على https://www.moonactive-privacy.com/hc/en-us
13. التحديثات والإصدار المسيطر: قد نقوم بتعديل سياسة الخصوصية تلك من وقت لآخر من 				خلال نشر النسخة المعدّلة على خدماتنا. ستكون النسخة المعدلة سارية المفعول من تاريخ بدء السريان المنشور. سنخطرك مسبقاً 				في حال وجود أي تغييرات جوهرية، عبر أي من وسائل التواصل المتاحة لنا، أو على الخدمات. بعد فترة الإشعار، ستعتبر أنك قد 				وافقت على جميع التعديلات. إذا لم تكن موافقاً على الالتزام بشروط سياسة الخصوصية المعدلة أو الجديدة، عليك التوقف عن 				استخدام الخدمات.
تم صياغة سياسة الخصوصية باللغة الإنجليزية، وهو الإصدار الأصلي والمسيطر لسياسة الخصوصية تلك. جميع ترجمات سياسة 				الخصوصية تلك إلى لغات أخرى ينبغي أن تعتبر من أجل تيسير القراءة ولا ينبغي أن تحكم المعنى أو تطبيق سياسة الخصوصية هذه.
				في حال وجود أي تعارض بين المعاني في أي من الإصدارات المترجمة لسياسة الخصوصية وإصدار اللغة الإنجليزية، ينبغي أن يسود 				المعنى الموجود في إصدار اللغة الإنجليزية.
 
14. اتصل بنا
إذا كان لديك أي تعليقات أو أسئلة حول سياسة الخصوصية هذه أو إذا كانت لديك أية مخاوف بشأن خصوصيتك، أو للاتصال بمدير 				حماية البيانات في مون آكتيف، فيرجى استخدام الرابط  هنا.
إذا كنت تقيم في الاتحاد الأوروبي أو المملكة المتحدة، فيمكنك أيضًا الاتصال بممثل الاتحاد الأوروبي أو المملكة المتحدة 				عبر dpr@moonactive.com.
 
 
ملحق أ
ملحق خصوصية المرشح
تلتزم مون آكتيف بحماية خصوصية وأمان بياناتك الشخصية. يوضح ملحق خصوصية المرشح هذا كيف نقوم بجمع واستخدام البيانات 				الشخصية الخاصة بك قبل علاقة العمل الخاصة بك معنا، وفقًا لتشريعات حماية البيانات المعمول بها. تنطبق على جميع المرشحين 				لشغل وظائف كموظفين أو عمال أو مقاولين.
ينطبق ملحق خصوصية المرشح هذا على المرشحين المتقدمين للعمل كموظفين ومتعهدين مع مون آكتيف. لا يشكل ملحق خصوصية المرشح 				هذا جزءًا من أي عقد عمل أو عقد آخر لتقديم الخدمات. ويمكننا تحديث هذا الإشعار في أي وقت.
لابد أن تقرأ ملحق خصوصية المرشح هذا جنبًا إلى جنب مع سياسة الخصوصية وأي إشعار خصوصية آخر قد نقدمه لك في مناسبات محددة 				عندما نقوم بجمع أو معالجة بيانات شخصية عنك، حتى تكون على دراية بكيفية استخدام هذه المعلومات والسبب وراء ذلك، وما هي 				حقوقك بموجب تشريعات حماية البيانات المعمول بها.
 
أ.مبادئ حماية البيانات:
سنلتزم بقانون حماية البيانات الذي يتطلب أن تكون البيانات الشخصية التي نحتفظ بها عنك:

تُستخدم بطريقة قانونية وعادلة وشفافة.
تم جمعها فقط للأغراض الصالحة التي شرحناها لك بوضوح، ولم تستخدم بأي طريقة لا تتوافق مع تلك الأغراض.


ذات الصلة بالأغراض التي أخبرناك عنها وقاصرة فقط على تلك الأغراض.


دقيقة ومحدثة.
تم الاحتفاظ بها طالما كان ذلك ضروريًا للأغراض التي أخبرناك بها.
تم الاحتفاظ بها بشكل آمن.

ب. نوع المعلومات التي نملكها عنك:
يقصد بالبيانات الشخصية أي معلومات عن أحد الأفراد يمكن من خلالها التعرف على هذا الشخص. وهي لا تشمل البيانات التي تم 				حذف الهوية منها (بيانات مجهولة المصدر). هناك "فئات خاصة" من البيانات الشخصية الأكثر حساسية والتي تتطلب مستوى أعلى من 				الحماية، مثل المعلومات بشأن صحة الشخص أو ميوله الجنسية.
قد نقوم بجمع وتخزين واستخدام الفئات التالية من البيانات الشخصية الخاصة بك:

تفاصيل الاتصال الشخصية، مثل الاسم والمسمى الوظيفي والعناوين وأرقام الهواتف وعناوين البريد الإلكتروني الشخصية.
				
تاريخ الميلاد.
الجنس.
أقرب الأقارب ومعلومات الاتصال بهم في حالات الطوارئ.
موقع العمل أو مكانه.
معلومات التوظيف (بما في ذلك نسخ من وثائق الحق في العمل والمراجع والمعلومات الأخرى المدرجة في السيرة الذاتية أو 					خطاب التقديم أو كجزء من عملية التقديم).
سجلات التوظيف (بما في ذلك المسميات الوظيفية وتاريخ العمل وساعات العمل والعطلات وسجلات التدريب والعضويات 					المهنية).
سجل التعويضات.
معلومات الاداء.
بيانات بشأن الإجراءات التأديبية وإجراءات التظلم.
لقطات الدوائر التلفزيونية المغلقة وغيرها من المعلومات التي تم الحصول عليها من خلال الوسائل الإلكترونية مثل سجلات 					بطاقة ممغنطة أثناء عملية إجراء المقابلة، إن أمكن.
صور فوتوغرافية.
في المملكة المتحدة، نتائج فحص حالة التوظيف في مكتب إيرادات وجمارك صاحبة الجلالة وتفاصيل اهتمامك والاتصال بالوسيط 					الذي تقدم خدماتك من خلاله.

 
ج. كيف يتم جمع معلوماتك الشخصية؟
نقوم بجمع البيانات الشخصية عن المرشحين من خلال عملية التقديم والتوظيف، إما مباشرة من المرشحين أو في بعض الأحيان من 				وكالة التوظيف. قد نقوم أحيانًا بجمع معلومات إضافية من طرف ثالث، بما في ذلك أرباب العمل السابقين.
 
د. كيف سنستخدم معلومات عنك:
سنستخدم بياناتك الشخصية فقط عندما يسمح لنا القانون بذلك وعندما يكون لدينا أساس قانوني للقيام بذلك. في معظم الأحيان، 				سنعتمد على الأسس القانونية التالية لمعالجة بياناتك الشخصية:

متى كانت لدينا موافقتك على القيام بذلك ("الموافقة").
متى نحتاج إلى تنفيذ العقد الذي أبرمناه معك أو اتخاذ خطوات لإبرام عقد معك ("العقد").


متى نحتاج إلى الامتثال لالتزام قانوني ("الالتزام القانوني").


متى يكون ذلك ضروريًا لمصالحنا المشروعة (أو مصالح طرف ثالث) ولا تتجاوز مصالحك وحقوقك الأساسية تلك المصالح 					("المصالح المشروعة").

في حالة عدم تقديمك بمعلومات معينة عند الطلب، فقد لا نتمكن من تقييم أهليتك أو ملاءمتك لوظيفة مفتوحة، أو قد يحول ذلك 				دون امتثالنا لالتزاماتنا القانونية.
سنستخدم بياناتك الشخصية فقط للأغراض التي جمعناها من أجلها، ما لم نعتبر بشكل معقول أننا بحاجة إلى استخدامها لسبب آخر 				وهذا السبب متوافق مع الغرض الأصلي. إذا احتجنا إلى استخدام بياناتك الشخصية لغرض غير ذي صلة، فسنخطرك وسنشرح الأساس 				القانوني الذي يجيز لنا بالقيام بذلك.
يرجى ملاحظة أننا قد نعالج بياناتك الشخصية دون علمك أو موافقتك، بما يتوافق مع القواعد المذكورة أعلاه، حيثما كان ذلك 				مطلوبًا أو مسموحًا به بموجب القانون.
 
من المهم أن تكون البيانات الشخصية التي نحتفظ بها عنك دقيقة وحديثة. يرجى إطلاعنا على التغييرات التي تطرأ على بياناتك 				الشخصية أثناء ترشيحك.
 
هـ- مشاركة البيانات:
قد نضطر إلى مشاركة بياناتك مع طرف ثالث، بما في ذلك مزودي الخدمة التابعين لطرف ثالث وكيانات أخرى في مون آكتيف.
نطلب من الأطراف الثالثة احترام أمان بياناتك والتعامل معها وفقًا للقانون.
قد ننقل بياناتك الشخصية خارج الاتحاد الأوروبي، وإذا فعلنا ذلك، فسنضمن حماية بياناتك الشخصية بشكل كافٍ. للحصول على 				مزيد من المعلومات، يرجى مراجعة القسم 10 من سياسة الخصوصية الخاصة بنا.

لماذا قد تشارك بياناتي الشخصية مع طرف ثالث؟

سوف نشارك بياناتك الشخصية مع أطراف ثالثة حيثما يقتضي القانون ذلك، أو عندما يكون ذلك ضروريًا لإدارة علاقة العمل معك، 				أو عندما يكون لدينا مصلحة مشروعة أخرى في القيام بذلك.

من هم مقدمو الخدمة التابعين لطرف ثالث الذين يعالجون بياناتي الشخصية؟

يشمل مصطلح "الأطراف الثالثة" مزودي الخدمة الخارجيين (بما في ذلك المتعهدين والوكلاء المعينين). يتولى مقدمو الخدمة 				التالي ذكرهم بمعالجة بياناتك الشخصية للأغراض التالية:

 كوميت - استقدام
ما مدى أمان معلوماتي مع مقدمي الخدمة والكيانات الأخرى في مجموعتنا؟

يتعين على جميع مزودي خدماتنا اتخاذ تدابير أمنية مناسبة لحماية بياناتك الشخصية بما يتماشى مع سياساتنا. لا نسمح لمقدمي 				خدماتنا باستخدام بياناتك الشخصية لأغراضهم الخاصة، بل نسمح لهم بمعالجة بياناتك الشخصية لأغراض محددة فقط ووفقًا 				لتعليماتنا.

ماذا عن الأطراف الثالثة الأخرى؟

قد نحتاج إلى مشاركة بياناتك الشخصية مع إحدى الجهات التنظيمية أو الامتثال للقانون بطريقة أخرى.
 
و. حقوق الوصول والتصحيح والمحو والتقييد
إذا كنت مقيمًا في المنطقة الاقتصادية الأوروبية أو المملكة المتحدة، في ظل ظروف معينة، فلديك الحق في حقوق موضوع 				البيانات الموضحة في القسم 9 من سياسة الخصوصية الخاصة بنا. إذا كنت ترغب في مراجعة بياناتك الشخصية أو التحقق منها أو 				تصحيحها أو طلب محوها، أو الاعتراض على معالجة بياناتك الشخصية، أو طلب نقل نسخة من بياناتك الشخصية إلى طرف آخر، فيرجى 				الرجوع إلى القسم 9 من سياسة الخصوصية هذه.
 
 
ز. الاحتفاظ بالبيانات
سنحتفظ ببياناتك الشخصية فقط طالما كان ذلك ضروريًا لتحقيق الأغراض التي جمعناها من أجلها، بما في ذلك لأغراض تلبية أي 				متطلبات قانونية أو محاسبية أو إعداد تقارير وفقًا للقوانين واللوائح المعمول بها. ولتحديد فترة الاحتفاظ المناسبة 				للبيانات الشخصية، فإننا نأخذ في الاعتبار مقدار وطبيعة وحساسية البيانات الشخصية، والمخاطر المحتملة للضرر الناجم عن 				الاستخدام غير المصرح به أو الكشف عن بياناتك الشخصية، والأغراض التي من أجلها نعالج بياناتك الشخصية، وما إذا كنا 				نستطيع تحقيق تلك الأغراض من خلال وسائل أخرى والمتطلبات القانونية المعمول بها. بمجرد عدم حاجتنا إلى بيانات المرشح، 				سنحتفظ ببياناتك الشخصية ونتلفها بشكل آمن وفقًا للقوانين واللوائح المعمول بها.
 
ر. اتصل بنا
يمكنك الاتصال بنا بخصوص أي أسئلة أو مخاوف من خلال التفاصيل الواردة في القسم 14 من سياسة الخصوصية الخاصة بنا.
 


