







Privacy Policy of Police Scanner Radio & Fire
This Application collects some Personal Data from its Users.
Users may be subject to different protection standards and broader standards may therefore apply to some. Users can contact the Owner, to learn more about such standards.
This document can be printed for reference by using the print command in the settings of any browser.
 


Policy summary
 
Personal Data processed for the following purposes and using the following services:





Advertising


Fyber
Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data


AdMob
Personal Data: Cookies; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); Usage Data


AdColony, AppLovin, Ogury, Mintegral , Vungle, InMobi and ironSource
Personal Data: Tracker; Usage Data






Analytics


Analytics collected directly
Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data


Google Analytics for Firebase
Personal Data: Application opens; Application updates; device information; first launches; geography/region; number of sessions; number of Users ; operating systems; session duration; Usage Data






Content performance and features testing (A/B testing)


Firebase Remote Config
Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service






Hosting and backend infrastructure


Amazon Web Services (AWS)
Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service


Firebase Cloud Firestore
Personal Data: Usage Data; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service






Infrastructure monitoring


Crashlytics
Personal Data: crash data; device information; Universally unique identifier (UUID)






Location-based interactions


Non-continuous geolocation
Personal Data: geographic position






Registration and authentication


Firebase Authentication
Personal Data: first name; last name; profile picture







Information on opting out of interest-based advertising

  In addition to any opt-out feature provided by any of the services listed in this document, Users may follow the instructions provided by   YourOnlineChoices (EU),   the Network Advertising Initiative (US) and   the Digital Advertising Alliance (US),   DAAC (Canada),   DDAI (Japan)   or other similar initiatives. Such initiatives allow Users to select their tracking preferences for most of the advertising tools. The Owner thus recommends that Users make use of these resources in addition to the information provided in this document.

The Digital Advertising Alliance offers an application called AppChoices that helps Users to control interest-based advertising on mobile apps.
Users may also opt out of certain advertising features through applicable device settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile phones or ads settings in general.
Further information about the processing of Personal Data





Push notifications
This Application may send push notifications to the User.





Contact information





Owner and Data Controller
GordonEdwards.net LLC7380 Spout Springs Road Suite 210-186Flowery Branch, GA 30542
Owner contact email: support@gordonedwards.net





 

Full policy
 


    Owner and Data Controller   
GordonEdwards.net LLC7380 Spout Springs Road Suite 210-186Flowery Branch, GA 30542
Owner contact email: support@gordonedwards.net



    Types of Data collected   

      Among the types of Personal Data that this Application collects, by itself or through third parties, there are:
      Cookies; Usage Data; geographic position; device information; geography/region; number of Users ; number of sessions; session duration; Application opens; Application updates; first launches; operating systems; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); first name; last name; profile picture; Universally unique identifier (UUID); crash data.
    
Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using this Application.Unless specified otherwise, all Data requested by this Application is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for this Application to provide its services. In cases where this Application specifically states that some Data is not mandatory, Users are free not to communicate this Data without consequences to the availability or the functioning of the Service.Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner.Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools — by this Application or by the owners of third-party services used by this Application serves the purpose of providing the Service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present document.
Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through this Application.


Mode and place of processing the Data

    Methods of processing   
The Owner takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Owner, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of this Application (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Owner at any time.

    Place   
The Data is processed at the Owner's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located.
Depending on the User's location, data transfers may involve transferring the User's Data to a country other than their own. To find out more about the place of processing of such transferred Data, Users can check the section containing details about the processing of Personal Data.

    Retention time   
Unless specified otherwise in this document, Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for and may be retained for longer due to applicable legal obligation or based on the Users’ consent.


The purposes of processing

        The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its Service, comply with its legal obligations, respond to enforcement requests, protect its rights and interests (or those of its Users or third parties), detect any malicious or fraudulent activity, as well as the following:
        Hosting and backend infrastructure, Analytics, Location-based interactions, Content performance and features testing (A/B testing), Advertising, Registration and authentication and Infrastructure monitoring.
      
For specific information about the Personal Data used for each purpose, the User may refer to the section “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data”.



Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:




                Advertising               

This type of service allows User Data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes. These communications are displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on this Application, possibly based on User interests.
This does not mean that all Personal Data are used for this purpose. Information and conditions of use are shown below. 
Some of the services listed below may use Trackers to identify Users or they may use the behavioral retargeting technique, i.e. displaying ads tailored to the User’s interests and behavior, including those detected outside this Application. For more information, please check the privacy policies of the relevant services.
Services of this kind usually offer the possibility to opt out of such tracking. In addition to any opt-out feature offered by any of the services below, Users may learn more on how to generally opt out of interest-based advertising within the dedicated section "How to opt-out of interest-based advertising" in this document.
Fyber (SponsorPay GmbH)

Fyber is an advertising service provided by Fyber GmbH.

Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  Germany –  Privacy Policy. 
AdMob (Google LLC)

AdMob is an advertising service provided by Google LLC.
In order to understand Google's use of Data, consult Google's partner policy.

Personal Data processed: Cookies; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –  Privacy Policy – Opt Out. 
AdColony (AdColony, Inc.)

AdColony is an advertising service provided by AdColony, Inc.

Personal Data processed: Tracker; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –  Privacy Policy. 
AppLovin (AppLovin Corporation)

AppLovin is an advertising service provided by AppLovin Corporation.

Personal Data processed: Tracker; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –  Privacy Policy – Opt out. 
Ogury (Ogury Ltd.)

Ogury is an advertising service provided by Ogury Ltd.

Personal Data processed: Tracker; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United Kingdom –  Privacy Policy – Opt out. 
Mintegral  (Mintegral international limited)

Mintegral  is an advertising service provided by Mintegral international limited.

Personal Data processed: Tracker; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  China –  Privacy Policy – Opt out. 
Vungle (Vungle, Inc.)

Vungle is an advertising service provided by Vungle, Inc.

Personal Data processed: Tracker; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –  Privacy Policy. 
InMobi (InMobi Pte Ltd)

InMobi is an advertising service provided by InMobi Pte Ltd.

Personal Data processed: Tracker; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  India –  Privacy Policy – Opt out. 
ironSource (ironSource Ltd.)

ironSource is an advertising service provided by ironSource Ltd.

Personal Data processed: Tracker; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  Israel –  Privacy Policy. 






                Analytics               

The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.
Analytics collected directly (this Application)

This Application uses an internal analytics system that does not involve third parties.

Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Google Analytics for Firebase (Google LLC)

Google Analytics for Firebase or Firebase Analytics is an analytics service provided by Google LLC.
In order to understand Google's use of Data, consult Google's partner policy.
Firebase Analytics may share Data with other tools provided by Firebase, such as Crash Reporting, Authentication, Remote Config or Notifications. The User may check this privacy policy to find a detailed explanation about the other tools used by the Owner.
This Application uses identifiers for mobile devices and technologies similar to cookies to run the Firebase Analytics service.
Users may opt-out of certain Firebase features through applicable device settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile phones or by following the instructions in other Firebase related sections of this privacy policy, if available.

Personal Data processed: Application opens; Application updates; device information; first launches; geography/region; number of sessions; number of Users ; operating systems; session duration; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –  Privacy Policy. 






                Content performance and features testing (A/B testing)               

The services contained in this section allow the Owner to track and analyze the User response concerning web traffic or behavior regarding changes to the structure, text or any other component of this Application.
Firebase Remote Config (Google LLC)

Firebase Remote Config is an A/B testing and configuration service provided by Google LLC.

Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  United States –  Privacy Policy. 






                Hosting and backend infrastructure               

This type of service has the purpose of hosting Data and files that enable this Application to run and be distributed as well as to provide a ready-made infrastructure to run specific features or parts of this Application.
Some of these services work through geographically distributed servers, making it difficult to determine the actual location where the Personal Data are stored.
Amazon Web Services (AWS) (Amazon Web Services, Inc.)

Amazon Web Services (AWS) is a hosting and backend service provided by Amazon Web Services, Inc.

Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  United States –  Privacy Policy. 
Firebase Cloud Firestore (Google LLC)

Firebase Cloud Firestore is a hosting and backend service provided by Google LLC.

Personal Data processed: Usage Data; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  United States –  Privacy Policy. 






                Infrastructure monitoring               

This type of service allows this Application to monitor the use and behavior of its components so its performance, operation, maintenance and troubleshooting can be improved.
Which Personal Data are processed depends on the characteristics and mode of implementation of these services, whose function is to filter the activities of this Application.
Crashlytics (Google LLC)

Crashlytics is a monitoring service provided by Google LLC.

Personal Data processed: crash data; device information; Universally unique identifier (UUID).
Place of processing:  United States –  Privacy Policy. 






                Location-based interactions               

Non-continuous geolocation (this Application)

This Application may collect, use, and share User location Data in order to provide location-based services.
Most browsers and devices provide tools to opt out from this feature by default. If explicit authorization has been provided, the User’s location data may be tracked by this Application.
The geographic location of the User is determined in a manner that isn't continuous, either at the specific request of the User or when the User doesn't point out its current location in the appropriate field and allows the application to detect the position automatically.

Personal Data processed: geographic position.






                Registration and authentication               

By registering or authenticating, Users allow this Application to identify them and give them access to dedicated services.
Depending on what is described below, third parties may provide registration and authentication services. In this case, this Application will be able to access some Data, stored by these third-party services, for registration or identification purposes. 
Some of the services listed below may also collect Personal Data for targeting and profiling purposes; to find out more, please refer to the description of each service.
Firebase Authentication (Google LLC)

Firebase Authentication is a registration and authentication service provided by Google LLC.
To simplify the registration and authentication process, Firebase Authentication can make use of third-party identity providers and save the information on its platform.

Personal Data processed: first name; last name; profile picture.
Place of processing:  United States –  Privacy Policy. 






Information on opting out of interest-based advertising

  In addition to any opt-out feature provided by any of the services listed in this document, Users may follow the instructions provided by   YourOnlineChoices (EU),   the Network Advertising Initiative (US) and   the Digital Advertising Alliance (US),   DAAC (Canada),   DDAI (Japan)   or other similar initiatives. Such initiatives allow Users to select their tracking preferences for most of the advertising tools. The Owner thus recommends that Users make use of these resources in addition to the information provided in this document.

The Digital Advertising Alliance offers an application called AppChoices that helps Users to control interest-based advertising on mobile apps.
Users may also opt out of certain advertising features through applicable device settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile phones or ads settings in general.



Further information about the processing of Personal Data




                Push notifications               


This Application may send push notifications to the User.







    Further Information for Users      in the European Union  
This section applies to all Users in the European Union, according to the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”), and, for such Users, supersedes any other possibly divergent or conflicting information contained in the privacy policy. Further details regarding the categories of Data processed, the purposes of processing, the categories of recipients of the Personal Data, if any, and further information about Personal Data can be found in the section titled “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” within this document.

  Legal basis of processing

The Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the following applies:

Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes.
provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof;
processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Owner is subject;
processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Owner;
processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a third party.

In any case, the Owner will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract. 

  Further information about retention time

Unless specified otherwise in this document, Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for and may be retained for longer due to applicable legal obligation or based on the Users’ consent.
Therefore:

Personal Data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between the Owner and the User shall be retained until such contract has been fully performed.
Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Owner’s legitimate interests shall be retained as long as needed to fulfill such purposes. Users may find specific information regarding the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner within the relevant sections of  this document or by contacting the Owner.

The Owner may be allowed to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever the User has given consent to such processing, as long as such consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore, the Owner may be obliged to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever required to fulfil a legal obligation or upon order of an authority.
Once the retention period expires, Personal Data shall be deleted. Therefore, the right of access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention period.
The rights of Users based on the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Users may exercise certain rights regarding their Data processed by the Owner.
In particular, Users have the right to do the following, to the extent permitted by law:

Withdraw their consent at any time. Users have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consent to the processing of their Personal Data.
Object to processing of their Data. Users have the right to object to the processing of their Data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent.
Access their Data. Users have the right to learn if Data is being processed by the Owner, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the Data undergoing processing.
Verify and seek rectification. Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their Data and ask for it to be updated or corrected.
Restrict the processing of their Data. Users have the right to restrict the processing of their Data. In this case, the Owner will not process their Data for any purpose other than storing it.

Have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise removed. Users have the right to obtain the erasure of their Data from the Owner.
Receive their Data and have it transferred to another controller. Users have the right to receive their Data in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance.
Lodge a complaint. Users have the right to bring a claim before their competent data protection authority.


  Users are also entitled to learn about the legal basis for Data transfers abroad including to any international organization governed by public international law or set up by two or more countries, such as the UN, and about the security measures taken by the Owner to safeguard their Data.


  Details about the right to object to processing

Where Personal Data is processed for a public interest, in the exercise of an official authority vested in the Owner or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner, Users may object to such processing by providing a ground related to their particular situation to justify the objection.
Users must know that, however, should their Personal Data be processed for direct marketing purposes, they can object to that processing at any time, free of charge and without providing any justification. Where the User objects to processing for direct marketing purposes, the Personal Data will no longer be processed for such purposes. To learn whether the Owner is processing Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, Users may refer to the relevant sections of this document. 

  How to exercise these rights

Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through the contact details provided in this document. Such requests are free of charge and will be answered by the Owner as early as possible and always within one month, providing Users with the information required by law. Any rectification or erasure of Personal Data or restriction of processing will be communicated by the Owner to each recipient, if any, to whom the Personal Data has been disclosed unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort. At the Users’ request, the Owner will inform them about those recipients.



Additional information about Data collection and processing

    Legal action   
The User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Owner in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this Application or the related Services.The User declares to be aware that the Owner may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.

    Additional information about User's Personal Data   
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, this Application may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular Services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.

    System logs and maintenance   
For operation and maintenance purposes, this Application and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with this Application (System logs) or use other Personal Data (such as the IP Address) for this purpose.

    Information not contained in this policy   
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Owner at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.

    Changes to this privacy policy   
The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by notifying its Users on this page and possibly within this Application and/or - as far as technically and legally feasible - sending a notice to Users via any contact information available to the Owner. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom. 
Should the changes affect processing activities performed on the basis of the User’s consent, the Owner shall collect new consent from the User, where required.




      Definitions and legal references     

Personal Data (or Data)
Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically through this Application (or third-party services employed in this Application), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use this Application, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment.
User
The individual using this Application who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject.
Data Subject
The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Processor (or Processor)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of this Application. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of this Application.
This Application
The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed.
Service
The service provided by this Application as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application.
European Union (or EU)
Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.
Cookie
Cookies are Trackers consisting of small sets of data stored in the User's browser.
Tracker
Tracker indicates any technology - e.g Cookies, unique identifiers, web beacons, embedded scripts, e-tags and fingerprinting - that enables the tracking of Users, for example by accessing or storing information on the User’s device.

Legal information
This privacy policy relates solely to this Application, if not stated otherwise within this document.





    Latest update: March 30, 2023   

iubenda hosts this content and only collects the Personal Data strictly necessary for it to be provided.
  
 

 
 
 
 

