





   


Home
Products

Professional Software

All
Chromatic Edges
Hand Tint Pro
Impresso Pro
Pastello
Photo Formation
Premium Pack
PuzziPix Pro
Rip Studio
Spektrel Art
Watercolor Studio


Hobbyist & Enthusiast Apps

All
Aquarella
Artista Haiku
Artista Oil
Artista Sketch
Artoon
Chalkspiration
Dramatic Black & WhiteB&W
Fold Defy
Grungetastic
Hallows Eve
Happy Holidaze
Kyoobik Photo
Moku Hanga
NIR Color
Pop Dot Comics
Portrait Painter
Rainy Daze
RipPix
Romantic Photo
Simply HDR
Snow Daze
Vintage Scene


Mobile Apps
Tutorials


Photoshop/Affinity Plugins

Pro Bundle
Chromatic Edges
Hand Tint Pro
Impresso Pro
Pastello
Photo Formation
Premium Pack
PuzziPix Pro
Rip Studio
Spektrel Art
Watercolor Studio


Purchase
Downloads
Support

Contact
Lost Serial Codes
Info Pages
Tutorials
FAQs
Artists Showcase
Reviews
Newsletter
Press Kits
About JixiPix
Software License Agreement
Become an Affiliate



















Privacy policy

Jixipix is committed to protecting any personal information that you may provide to us. In particular, we believe it is important for you to know how we treat information about you that we may receive from this web site, mobile and desktop applications.

This privacy policy governs your use of software applications sold by JixiPix Software (“Application”) for mobile and desktop devices that was created by JixiPix Software and distributed through the Apple App Store, Apple Mac App Store, Google Play, and directly through JixiPix.com website

 Information Collected

As a visitor to our site, you can browse our pages without having any personally identifiable information revealed about you. Information we automatically collect via industry standard web log files and other tools includes the URL from which you visited, the page you are visiting, your computer browser information and your IP address. We may also track the effectiveness of various promotions through the use of data collection devices known as "cookies." Cookies contain specific pieces of information on your computer hard drive, and can be set to store information during a visit or for a longer period of time. Our cookies are not tied to personally identifiable information. In addition, there are portions of this web site where we may need to collect personal information from you for a specific purpose, such as to provide you with certain information you request. The information collected from you may include your name, address, telephone, fax number, e-mail address, and other personal information.

JixiPix is fully compliant with all child, student, and privacy laws. These include: CA AB1584, GDPR, COPPA and CIPA. This web site is not intended for persons under 13 years of age. We do not knowingly solicit or collect personal information from or about children, and we do not knowingly market our products or services to children.


USE OF COLLECTED INFORMATION

What information does the Applications obtain and how is it used?

User Provided Information for apps distributed through Apple and Google 


No personally identifiable information is collected. You can opt-in to our newsletter while inside of the application.

User Provided Information for apps distributed directly through JixiPix.com

The Application obtains the information you provide when you purchase and register the Application.  When you register with us and use the Application, you generally provide (a) your name, email address, age, user name, password and other registration information; (b) transaction-related information, such as when you make purchases, respond to any offers, or download or use applications from us; (c) information you provide us when you contact us for help; (d) credit card information for purchase and use of the Application, and; (e) information you enter into our system when using the Application, such as contact information and project management information.
Automatically Collected Information
In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of device you use, your devices unique device ID, the IP address of your device, your operating system, the type of Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Application. 
Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?
JixiPix Applications do not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device. 
Use of collected information
JixiPix gathers information for the purposes of a) providing you with custom information about our service offerings that support your business needs; b) matching you with compatible participants in our partner program in the event that we are unable to support your business needs ourselves; and c) reviewing your application for employment if you are seeking work. We recognize that your information is sensitive and restrict our collection of it to the critical data needed to deliver these services. If you use the forms on our Site, you may receive emails from us to facilitate your inquiry. You cannot opt out of emails that are necessary to provide our services. Your use of our forms and acceptance of our Terms and Conditions include agreement that we and our partners may use your personal information to contact you and deliver information to you. We may share the personal information you provide with other companies we have hired to provide services for us. These companies - our vendors - are contractually bound to use personal information we share with them only to perform the services we have hired them to provide and are prohibited from disclosing the information to anyone else or using it for any other purpose. We may also share the personal information you provide with compatible participants in our partner program in the event that we are unable to meet your business needs ourselves. Except as stated above, we do not share, sell, or lease personal information about you to any third-parties. It is possible that our business may be merged with or sold to another business entity. During such a transaction, business information is typically one of the assets shared in the combined entity. In the event that this occurs, your personal information will be protected by the Jixipix privacy policy in effect at the time.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
Only aggregated, anonymized data is periodically transmitted to external services to help us improve the Application and our service. We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
•	as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process; •	when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request; •	with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
•	If JixiPix Software is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information.
What are my opt-out rights?
You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or direct on a desktop. You can also request to opt-out via email, at https://jixipix.com/contact.html
Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
We will retain User Provided data for as long as you use the Application and for a reasonable time thereafter. We will retain Automatically Collected information for up to 24 months and thereafter may store it in aggregate. If you’d like us to delete User Provided Data that you have provided via the Application, please contact us at https://jixipix.com/contact.html and we will respond in a reasonable time. 
Children
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at https://jixipix.com/contact.html. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here and informing you via email or text message. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes. You can check the history of this policy by clicking here.
Your Consent
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the United States. 
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via https://jixipix.com/contact.html.




























