




HALF NOTE LABS
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy governs your use of the software applications InTune and Composer of the Day (“Application”) for mobile devices that was created by Half Note Labs, LLC (“Company”).
What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?
The Application may use Apple Game Center to record high scores. Company may analyze in-app purchases in aggregate through standard interfaces provided by Apple. Application never knowingly transmits personally identifiable information to Company.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
No, Company does not transmit any data to third parties.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
Your Consent
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing,” means using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the United States. If you reside outside the United States your information will be transferred, processed and stored there under United States privacy standards.




© Copyright 2021 Half Note Labs, LLC


